OCTOBER TERM, 1948
STATISTICS
Miscel-
Original Appellate
Total
laneous
Number of cases on dockets__.
14
889
702
1,605
Cases disposed of ___.
1
747
686
1, 434
Remaining on dockets__
13
142
16
171
Cases disposed of-Original and Appellate Dockets:
By final order___
By written opinions___.
By per curiam opinions_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merits cases) -
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinions____
By per curiam opinions__.
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By denial or withdrawal of other applications.
By transfer to Appellate Docket____
Number of written opinions..
Number of admissions to bar-
REFERENCE INDEX
1
137
84
523
10
7
425
235
9
114
1012
Page
President Truman-Court recessed to attend inauguration
(Thursday, January 20) ---
127
Vice President Barkley―oath administered by Mr. Justice Reed
on East Front of Capitol prior to administering of oath to
the President by the Chief Justice.
Hughes, C. J. (retired), death of, August 27, 1948, announced__
Special Terms-practice of so designating other than regular
announced sessions, at which Court transacts business and
action is announced that day, abandoned. Sessions held in
Conference Room and action of Court recorded in minutes
and journal.
800009-49--90
127
1
-3, 72, 99, 229

II
Admission of Attorneys-at this term Court inaugurated prac-
tice of taking admissions prior to reading opinions_.
Attorney change of name__
Page
67
85, 189, 215
Counsel appointed (Nos. 418, 609, 692, 760) ––
Counsel-motion to withdraw appearance denied where with-
drawal would have left petitioners without counsel in this
Court (No. 691) --
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 38½ promulgated (fixing time
for certiorari and appeal in state criminal cases to supply
omission from Title 28, U. S. Code) ----
249
58
Rules of Criminal Procedure-Rules 37, 38, 39 amended (appeal
rules not reported to Congress) –
105
Rules of Criminal Procedure-Rules prior to verdict and forms
amended (reported to Congress)
106
Rules of Civil Procedure and forms amended (reported to
Congress) –
107
70
95
Bonds of Clerk, Marshal, and Librarian-orders as to _ _ _
Bond of Clerk approved………….
Original cases-leave granted to file and argue orally objec-
tions, on jurisdictional grounds, to motions to file complaints
(United States v. Louisiana and Texas).
Concurring opinion of one Justice to be announced at later
date and decision and announcement of vote of another re-
served. (No. 239 Misc.) Concurring opinion announced
June 27
Opinions amended (No. 13, notation of dissent; No. 44)
Case remanded to Court of Appeals pursuant to 18 U. S. C.
3731 (No. 89) ---
Court (Nos. 42,
--- —
--
102
94,260
75, 147
4
123, 128, 244, 257, 258
(Nos. 11, 59,
Judgments announced-no opinions of the
9, 287, 29, 610, 107, 76, 1389 O. T. 1946)
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court
121 Misc., 464, 567–8) --
Judgments affirmed, per curiam, with four Justices dissenting
(Nos. 429, 117) –
42, 95, 140, 199, 204
129, 188
Judgment affirmed, per curiam, on consideration of jurisdic-
tional statements, with four Justices dissenting (No. 679) - 215
Judgments of Court of Appeals and District Court vacated and
case remanded with directions to dismiss certain causes of
action and to reconsider others in the light of recent decision
(No. 206)--
57
Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated and case remanded for
further consideration in the light of recent decision of this
Court (No. 43)
260

III
Judgments of Court of Appeals and District Court vacated, on
motion of Solicitor General, and case remanded with direc-
tions (No. 118) ---
Judgments of Court of Appeals and District Court vacated
upon suggestion of the Solicitor General and upon consid-
eration of the record and case remanded with directions
(No. 593) ---
Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated and case remanded for
consideration of the effect of recent act of Congress, on mo-
tion of petitioner (No. 476).
Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated and case remanded to
that court to determine "Pursuant to Rule 86 (b) of Rules of
Civil Procedure, whether the application of amended Rule
73 (a) to this particular action would work injustice." Ap-
peal had been dismissed because not taken in thirty days.
(No. 599)
Judgment of state court vacated and case remanded "to enable
it to reexamine its decision in the light of” recent decision of
this Court (No. 493) ---.
Orders of Illinois state courts vacated, on consideration of peti-
tions for certiorari, and cases remanded for consideration of
the present applicability of habeas corpus in the light of
recent decisions of Illinois Supreme Court-see opinion in
No. 50-
Page
152
189
182
200
260
231, 246
Judgment reversed and case remanded with directions upon
suggestion of the Solicitor General and consideration of the
record (No. 10) --
Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed, upon consideration of
the Government's confession of error and the record, and
case remanded with directions (No. 116) ---
Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed on consideration of
petition for certiorari, for reason "there is insufficient evi-
dence in the record to support it." (No. 263)
Judgment reversed, per curiam, on consideration of petition for
certiorari where it was contended mandate of this Court had
not been complied with (No. 640) -----
Judgments reversed, per curiam, on consideration of petitions
for certiorari (Nos. 472, 542)-
___
Judgment reversed, per curiam, on consideration of jurisdic-
tional statements (No. 494) --
32
58
74
204
147,188
261
Judgment of state court reversed "with instructions to reinstate
the judgment on the verdict for petitioner." (See opinion
No. 129) ---
222
Cases assigned for argument specially, after suspension of
docket (No. 584) –
190

IV
Case ordered left off the docket after this term until a direction
to the contrary (No. 255) ---
Amicus curiae brief-motion to file denied (No. 436) ….
Argument pro hac vice (Nos. 28, 239 Misc.).
–
Stay motions to vacate and to enlarge order of an individual
Justice granting stay denied (No. —)--
Stay in capital case continued (No. 344 Misc.) __
Stay denied (No. 503) __.
Page
260
262
41, 93
2
153
114
219
Stay denied with two of the six Justices participating joining in
a dissenting memorandum (No. 610 Misc.).
Abatement-habeas corpus action held not abated and substitu-
tion granted where it was shown that warden of federal peni-
tentiary in whose name petition for certiorari was filed had
been transferred to another penitentiary while case pending
in Court of Appeals and no motion to substitute made within
six months (No. 457). See also No. 218 Misc., where situa-
tion was identical except that the warden was respondent in
this Court ____
Substitution granted (Nos. 231, 413, 457, and 218 Misc.―see
abatement; Nos. 598, 733) --
75, 101, 140, 155, 206, 212
Parties:
140, 155
Motion to designate additional party respondent granted
(No. 232)
----
Motion to be made party of record denied and leave granted
to file brief amicus curiae (Nos. 38-9)
Motion to correct record by changing name of respondent
granted (No. 579) ….
34
59
205
In forma pauperis-practice adopted of not entering order on
motion unless certiorari granted_____.
In forma pauperis-case argued on motion for leave to so pro-
ceed (No. 1 Misc.—see opinion). In No. 86 Misc., the judg-
ment of Court of Appeals denying leave to proceed was
vacated
Costs-motion to retax granted, mandate recalled and judgment
amended to provide for equal division (No. 121) ---
Moot questions:
District court judgment vacated with directions to dismiss,
citing cases (No. 433).
37,85
237
85
Certiorari granted, judgment of state court vacated without
costs and case remanded for "proceedings as by that court
may be deemed appropriate." (No. 283) --
Certiorari granted and judgment vacated with directions
to dismiss on joint motion (No. 670) …….
169
215

V
Habeas corpus-applications treated as motions for leave to file
and motions denied with four of the eight Justices partici-
pating of opinion "there is want of jurisdiction" and four
that leave to file should be granted and cases heard forth-
with (German cases-Nos. 28 Misc., etc.; 122 Misc., etc.; 155
Misc.; 156 Misc.). In later cases the four Justices desiring a
hearing expressed their view: "that argument should be heard
on the motions for leave to file the petitions in order to settle
what remedy, if any, the petitioners have." (Nos. 234 Misc.,
etc.; 452 Misc., etc.; 587 Misc.; 686 Misc.).
Page
24,
36, 45, 53, 165, 208, 228, 266
Habeas corpus-motion for leave to file set down for oral argu-
ment with four Justices noting their view that "there is want
of jurisdiction" and another filing a memorandum (Japa-
nese War Crimes cases, Nos. 239 Misc., etc.). (See opinion
and also order in No. 267 Misc.) -
74, 92, 98
Habeas corpus-motion for leave to file denied without preju-
dice to right to apply to any appropriate court that may have
jurisdiction (No. 379 Misc.)
Mandamus, prohibition, and certiorari-motion for leave to file
assigned for argument (No. 206 Misc., etc.) -
Mandamus-motion for leave to file assigned for argument (No.
552 Misc.)---
___
Motion for leave to file petition to void indictments and to quash
venire of petit jurors etc. denied (No. 317 Misc.)
Intervention-motions to intervene granted (Nos. 257, 597
Misc.)
212
96
238
115
-- 44, 212
Suggestion of diminution of record-motion for certiorari
denied (No. 132).
Motion to advance and expedite hearing granted and time short-
ened for filing briefs. Case docketed Oct. 13, argued the 18th
and decided the 21st (Thursday). (No. 348) --
Motion for order noting probable jurisdiction and setting case
for argument denied (No. 404) --
123
28, 37, 40
Motion for continuance denied (No. 239 Misc.).
Motion to enlarge scope of review denied (No. 143).
Motion for clarification of scope of inquiry referred to Special
Master, denied (No. 12 Orig.) ---
238
82
50
96
183, 189
Motion to modify judgment granted with four Justices dissent-
ing "from the modification of the order." Motion for clari-
fication denied, one Justice dissenting (No. 42) ---
Appeal dismissed with two Justices of opinion probable juris-
diction should be noted (No. 400).
74

VI
Page
Appeal dismissed with one Justice of opinion probable juris-
diction should be noted "in view of the fact that a constitu-
tional provision of a state is involved, presented by the
(State) Attorney General" (No. 606) --
Appeal from district court "dismissed" (No. 622) --
Appeal from state court "dismissed" (No. 604) --
Appeal and certiorari-jurisdiction noted in appeal from Court
of Appeals in case wherein certiorari had theretofore been
denied and time for appeal had not expired. Judgment
eventually reversed (No. 244)
Appeal dismissed and certiorari granted (No. 500) --
Certiorari:
Motion for leave to file granted (No. 121 Misc.) –
Motion to amend petition granted (No. 176) ---
Petition dismissed on motion in case where petitioner died
prior to filing of petition. Petition refiled in name of
executor (Nos. 225, 346)----
Appeal papers treated as petition for certiorari and cer-
tiorari granted (No. 202 Misc.) --
Petition before judgment granted (No. 474, see opinion) --
Petition before judgment denied (Nos. 291, 277) --
Motion to extend time to file petition nunc pro tunc denied
and petition denied as out of time (Nos. 311-12) -
Denied for reason that application not made within time
provided by law (No. 484) (No. 867) -----
Petition denied with three Justices of opinion certiorari
should be granted (No. 30 Misc.) --
Petition denied without prejudice to filing application for
writ of habeas corpus in any State court of competent
jurisdiction (No. 302 Misc.) --
Extension of time to file petition denied with one Justice
joining in denial “because the Court is without jurisdic-
tion over the person of the petitioner." (No. -.) See
also opinions in No. 255.
Writ dismissed "it appearing that there is a non-federal
ground, independent of the federal ground, and adequate
to support the judgment of the lower court" (No. 191) ---
Writ dismissed, after argument and continuance, where it
was determined from "announcement” by state court
that its judgment rested upon an independent state
ground (No. 4) –
172
182
261
5,139
214
85
17
37
153
168
44, 59
50
148, 249
207
250
226
113
246
Order denying vacated and petition granted ex mero motu
(No. 260)
262
Motion to dispense with filing complete record with peti-
tion granted (No. 344 Misc.) --
149

VII
Page
Reargument ordered (Nos. 26, 299) --
Rehearing denied with three Justices who had joined in dis-
senting opinion "of opinion" rehearing should be granted
(Nos. 366-7).
__
237
18
140, 162
Rehearing granted where, after argument, judgment was af-
firmed by equally divided Court. Reargued and reaffirmed
by equally divided Court. (No. 59)
Rehearing granted after argument and decision (No. 185).
Rehearing denied for reason applications not received within
time provided by Rule 33 (Nos. 458–9) --
Rehearing denied and defendant in original action "directed to
answer allegations of the complaint within the time specified
in the subpoena, otherwise the plaintiff may proceed ex
parte." (No. 13 Orig.).
Rehearing-motion to file petition and petition granted (Nos.
386 and 443) --
----
Order suspending call of docket__.
Order fixing adjournment date ____
Final order_...
216
163
239
262
193
219
267
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1949

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
P.
Francis Aloysius Pedlow, of Albany, N. Y.; Paul A. Porter, of
Winchester, Ky.; Luis Negrón Fernandez, of San Juan, P. R.; David
Stein, of New York City; Walton H. Hamilton, of Washington, D. C.;
Dick Young, of Houston, Tex.; Carlos Santana Becerra, of San Juan,
R.;
Joseph Auerbach, of Franklin, N. H.; James Edwin Harper, of
Augusta, Ga.; Cyrus Bernstein, of Washington, D. C.; Thorpe Nesbit,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; George Gilman Kelly, of Chicago, Ill.; John J.
Kelly, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Eugene J. Brahm, of Chicago, Ill.; Norvill
B. Arnold, of Bethesda, Md.; L. E. Melrin, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Margaret Frances Luers, of Washington, D. C.; Betty Stockvis, of
Washington, D. C.; Walter L. Collins, of Albany, N. Y.; Lawrence
Agnew Myers, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Robert Leonard Larson, of
Iowa City, Iowa; Kirtland F. Snyder, of Kingston, N. Y.; Ralph
Atkinson, of Salem, Ohio; Samuel B. Huffman, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
James McKown, Jr., of Orange, N. J.; Max A. Weston, of Rockford,
Ill.; Arthur R. Heckerman, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Jesse E. Baskette,
of Washington, D. C.; and Meyer Weinberg, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"I announce with profound regret the death on Friday, August 27,
1948, of Charles Evans Hughes, retired Chief Justice of the United
States.
"Seldom does it fall to the lot of any man to render distinguished
service in so many fields as did Chief Justice Hughes. He was an
eminent lawyer, Governor of the State of New York, Associate Justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States, nominee of his party for
the Presidency, Secretary of State of the United States, and Chief
Justice of the United States-a record unique in our Nation's history.
His place is high among the outstanding jurists of the world.
"At an appropriate time, the Court will receive the Resolutions of
the Bar in tribute to his memory."
800009-48

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1948
2
No. Lyndon B. Johnson, in his individual capacity, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Coke R. Stevenson. Motion to vacate stay order and to
dismiss the proceedings submitted by Mr. Samuel H. Horne in behalf
of counsel for the respondent.
-
No. Lyndon B. Johnson, in his individual capacity, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Coke R. Stevenson. Supplemental motion for a stay sub-
mitted by Mr. Abe Fortas for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, October 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 1
(and 2), 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 36, 13, 30, and 19.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. Lyndon B. Johnson, in his individual capacity, et al.,
petitioners, v. Coke R. Stevenson. On consideration of the supple-
mental motion for stay submitted by counsel for the petitioners, it
is ordered by this Court that the motion to expand the order of Mr.
Justice Black of September 29, 1948, be, and it is hereby, denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
-.
No. Lyndon B. Johnson, in his individual capacity, et al.,
petitioners, v. Coke R. Stevenson. On consideration of the motion
of counsel for Coke R. Stevenson to vacate the order of Mr. Justice
Black of September 29, 1948, and to dismiss the proceedings, it is
ordered by this Court that the said motion be, and it is hereby, denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
×
800009-48-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
4
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Samuel Strong Pharr, of Memphis, Tenn.; Gerald F. Finley, of
New York City; Seymour Kleinman, of New York City; Arnold B.
Elkind, of New York City; Harry Clifford Allder, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Francis J. Sullivan, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Gaylord S.
Gilbert, of Louisville, Ky.; Charles E. Ford, of Washington, D. C.;
Samuel Gottesman, of New York City; William H. Klein, of Wil-
mette, Ill.; F. J. Perez-Almiroty, of San Juan, P. R.; Claude E.
Sowers, of Wichita, Kans.; Robert Dade Hudson, of Tulsa, Okla.;
Quince B. Boydstun, of Fort Gibson, Okla.; Conrad Noll, Jr., of
Springfield, Ill.; Elbridge Bancroft Pierce, of Chicago, Ill.; Leon
Epstein, of Miami, Fla.; and Donovan N. Hoover, of Santa Fe, N.
Mex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 87. Willis Brand, appellant, v. Milwaukee County, William J.
McCauley, District Attorney of Said County, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for
writ of certiorari as required by Title 28, United States Code, Sec.
2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. Maryland &
Virginia Milk Producers Association, Incorporated, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Per curiam: The motions to transfer are granted and the case is re-
manded to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit pursuant to Title 18, United States Code, Sec. 3731.
United States v. Swift & Co., 318 U. S. 442; United States v. Wayne
Pump Co., 317 U. S. 200.
No. 97. Manuel Munoz, appellant, v. Neal Polk, Sheriff of Harris
County, Texas. Appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a properly
presented federal question.
800009-48- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
10
5
No. 189. Robert W. Morris, appellant, v. Ford Motor Company.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per curiam: The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question.
No. 249. T. B. Holliday et al., appellants, v. The Governor of the
State of South Carolina et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Western District of South Carolina. Per curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 259. Theophile O. Hotard and Allen H. Johness, appellants.
2. City of New Orleans et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file supplemental
statement opposing jurisdiction, motion to dismiss or affirm and mo-
tion for damages is granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 265. North American Company, appellant, v. William K.
Koerner, Judge of the Circuit Court of the City of St. Louis. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Missouri. Per curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 182. Joseph Giboney, Harold Hackell, Paul Mandalia, et al.,
appellants, v. Empire Storage and Ice Company; and
No. 244. Lionel G. Ott, Commissioner of Public Finance and Ex
Officio City Treasurer of the City of New Orleans, et al., appellants,
v. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, American Barge Line
Company and Union Barge Line Corporation. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 53. Clyde Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, as Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Utah granted.
No. 54. Howard F. Coray, Ancillary Administrator of the Estate
of William Frank Lucas, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Utah granted.
No. 63. Kimball Laundry Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
6
No. 65. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Acme Fast Freight, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 83. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Margaret
R. Phipps. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 84. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Pelham G.
Wodehouse. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 88. Nathan D. Leiman and Samuel Marion, petitioners, v.
Alexander Guttman, George Geller and Arthur Bainton, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
granted.
No. 91. Foley Bros., Inc., and Spencer, White & Prentis, Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Frank Paul Filardo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York, New York County, granted.
No. 92. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. C. Chester DuMond,
Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets of the State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York,
Albany County, granted.
No. 109. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Inter-
state Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
No. 188. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
No. 209. Memphis Light, Gas & Water Division, petitioner, v.
Interstate Natural Gas Company et al.; and
No. 212. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Inter-
state Natural Gas Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 110. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 121. Black Diamond Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 130. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 128. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company, peti-
tioner, v. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division of the United States Department of Labor; and
No. 196. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor, petitioner,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
7
v. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 129. William T. Urie, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee
of the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri granted.
No. 132. The United States, petitioner, v. Richard S. Cors. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 151. National Carbide Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 152. Air Reduction Sales Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 153. Pure Carbonic, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 179. Lillian A. Weade. Frederick M. Weade and Roberta L.
Stinemeyer, petitioners, v. Dichman, Wright & Pugh, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 184. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company; and
No. 185. Graver Tank & Mfg Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 90. Lipe Henslee, Individually, Now Residing in Davidson
County, Tennessee, Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Ten-
nessee, petitioner, v. Union Planters Bank & Trust Company, a Na-
tional Bank at Memphis, Tennessee, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 116. Sam Hanna Fogel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. The petitions for writs of certiorari in these
cases are granted and the cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 118. Albert Ralph Petti, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 143. Alvin Krulewitch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted limited to question "3" presented by the
petition for the writ.
No. 168. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Lewis H. Saper, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Spotlight Productions, Inc. Petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
8
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 191. Superior Court of the State of California In and For the
County of Los Angeles and Farmer Bros. Co., petitioners, v. Gay
Lillefloren et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California granted and the case assigned for hearing im-
mediately following No. 182.
No. 197. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Crompton-
Highland Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 200. State of New York, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy; and
No. 201. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Leonard H.
Carter, Trustee of Union Fabrics, Inc., Bankrupt. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the cases assigned for hearing immediately following
No. 168.
No. 216. Algoma Plywood and Veneer Company, petitioner, v.
Wisconsin Employment Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin granted and the case.
assigned for hearing immediately following Nos. 38 and 39 which
are assigned for hearing immediately following Nos. 14 and 15.
No. 223. Joy Oil Company. Ltd., petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 55. Max M. Lesser, petitioner, v. Sertner's, Inc., Murray
Sertner and Paul Sertner. Trading as Renofab Products Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 57. Alberto Vargas, petitioner, v. Esquire, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 60. Kammerer Corporation and Baash-Roos Tool Company,
petitioners, v. Ira J. McCullough. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 61. Turner Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 62. Harold Spina, Edward Heyman, Walter Hannan, et al.,
petitioners, v. Carl E. Ring. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
9
No. 64. The United States, petitioner, v. C. B. Ross Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 66. W. L. Sandstrom, petitioner, v. California Horse Racing
Board, Lloyd Wright et al., Members of the California Horse Racing
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 67. Horace A. Young, Betty Jean Gilbert, and Patsy Marie
Gilbert, Minors, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Asa C. Garrett et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 68. The United States, petitioner, v. Bloedel Donovan Lumber
Mills, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court.
of Claims denied.
No. 69. J. H. Allison & Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 70. Clifford L. Rein, on Behalf of Himself and All Other Per-
sons Similarly Situated, petitioner, v. Ray C. Johnson, as Auditor of
Public Accounts of the State of Nebraska et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 72. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Jessie A. Kilpatrick; and
No. 73. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. L. M.
Parker. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 74. St. Regis Paper Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 77. Trans-Pacific Corporation et al., petitioners, v. George T.
Goggin, Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 79. The E. C. Schroeder Company, petitioner, v. Virgil Clark,
for Himself and as Agent of Jack Richardson et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 80. International Brotherhood of Teamsters and Chauffeurs,
Local Union Number 179, American Federation of Labor, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Leo John Dinoffria et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 81. Lide Thompson, Mattie Thompson, Mary Tukes, et al.,
petitioners, v. Luther Thompson and H. H. Patton, Executors of the
Estate of Dr. S. A. Thompson, Deceased. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
10
No. 82. John H. Criner and Mary E. Criner, petitioners, v. V. S.
Parham et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas denied.
No. 85. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Buzzy Skidmore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 86. Air Line Pilots Association, International, petitioner, v.
Civil Aeronautics Board and National Air Lines, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 93. Ed W. Ebensberger and Ella Ebensberger, petitioners, v.
Sinclair Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 94. Celestino Iriarte, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 95. C. M. Tingle et al., petitioners, v. Anderson-Tully Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 96. W. E. Hedger Transportation Corporation, petitioner, v.
Ira S. Busby & Sons, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 99. Mattie McElroy, nee Harjo, petitioner, v. W. M. Pegg,
Charles S. Szenasi and Lenna Szenasi, his Wife, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 100. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Shell Oil
Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 101. Mark A. Freeman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 105. O. Phil Nordling and Gill Nordling, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 106. Mose Hightower and Celestine Morris, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 108. Graham Flying Service, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
11
No. 112. E. E. Gentry, petitioner, v. The State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 113. Bath Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Theodore Odom. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 114. Best & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Sadie S. Miller, Doing Busi-
ness Under the Name and Style of Miller's Lilliputian Shoppe. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 119. Kathleen B. Nash Durant, petitioner, v. Helen Hironimus,
Warden, Federal Reformatory for Women, Alderson, West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 120. R. Q. Black, Doing Business as Superior Trucking Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Interstate Commerce Commission. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 122. Georgie Reagon, petitioner, v. Guy J. D'Antonio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Louisiana,
Parish of Orleans, denied.
No. 123. Carter Carburetor Corporation, petitioner, v. Lawrence
C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 124. Pauline Rinn, as Executrix of the Estate of Walter P.
Rinn, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Broadway Trust and Savings
Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court
of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 125. Andrew De Grazia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 126. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Nana
M. Cooper and Mary Cooper. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Port Gibson Veneer & Box Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 131. Floyd Fitzsimmons, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
12
No. 133. George J. Leeds et al., Executors of the Estate of Adolf
W. E. B. Leewitz, Deceased, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 136. Crules R. Cheek, Trustee in Bankruptcy of West Beverly
Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Division of Labor Law Enforce-
ment, State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 137. Bloomfield Ranch, by James A. Clayton & Co., Managing
Partner, Operator and Co-Owner Thereof, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 138. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy for the
Estate of C. A. Reed Furniture Company, a Corporation, Bankrupt,
petitioner, v. Lawrence Warehouse Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 139. Alanda Nemours, petitioner, v. J. F. Hickey et al., Indi-
vidually and as Agents of Moorlands Addition. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 140. Federal Broadcasting System, Inc., petitioner, v. Ameri-
can Broadcasting Co., Inc., and Mutual Broadcasting System. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 141. Stanley H. Borak, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 142. Cesario Campa, alias Cesar Campa, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 144. A. J. Tristani, Sucrs., Inc., petitioner, v. Rafael Buscaglia,
Treasurer, et al.; and
No. 145. R. Santaella & Brother, Inc., petitioner, v. Rafael Bus-
caglia, Treasurer, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 146. Texas State Life Insurance Company et al., petitioners,
v. Sebe J. Houghton, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 148. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee for Missouri Pacific Railway
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Joseph L. Spearmon, Samuel J. Rhodes,
and G. T. Holmes. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 149. James C. Titus, Renata Titus, Renata M. Russell, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Spitzer-Rorick Trust & Savings Bank, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
800009-48- 4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
13
No. 154. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Mrs.
Camay Ardion Soileau, Tutrix, for the Use and Benefit of Her Minor
Son, Joseph C. Soileau. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 157. Edward M. Winston, petitioner, v. County of Cook, a
Municipal Corporation of the State of Illinois, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 158. Edith Matthews and Agnes Billings, petitioners, v. Mary
Woody et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 159. Pacific Coast Wholesalers Association, petitioner, v.
Clover Leaf Freight Lines, Inc., Interstate Dispatch, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 160. In the Matter of Samuel Rose, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 161. Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, petitioner, v. Inde-
pendent Pneumatic Tool Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 162. Excel Auto Radiator Company, petitioner, v. The Bishop
and Babcock Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 163. Edward J. Miller, d/b/a Perma-Stone Company, peti-
tioner, v. Emil P. Zaharias, Chester Polanis, d/b/a Lincoln Home
Builders, et al.; and
No. 164. Edward J. Miller, d/b/a Perma-Stone Company, peti-
tioner, v. Emil P. Zaharias, Chester Polanis, d/b/a Lincoln Home
Builders, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 165. James A. Akers and Lela Akers, His Wife, petitioners, v.
Frank Scofield, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue
for the First District of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 166. J. Howard Johnson, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John M.
Smith, County Treasurer of the County of Albany, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Albany
County, denied.
No. 167. Railway Express Agency, Inc., petitioner, v. Glynn C.
Mallory. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 169. Frank A. Thompson, Trustee for the St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Louise Camp, Admin-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
14
istratrix of the Estate of Ervin (Irving) Camp, Deceased. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 171. Mary Louise Reinold, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 172. Jerry Spagnuolo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 173. Harvey DeWaters, petitioner, v. Macklin Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 174. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Reuben D.
Silliman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 175. Ecco High Frequency Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 177. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 180. Mario Mercado Riera, Accounting as Executor of the
Estate of Marie Mercado Montalvo, petitioner, v. Adrian Mercado
Riera and Maria Luisa Mercado Riera De Belaval. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 181. William L. Chesbrough and Mildred J. Chesbrough,
petitioners, v. The Western and Southern Life Insurance Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 183. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Royal Typewriter
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 186. Marion A. Hart, Frank C. Hart, Jr., et al., petitioners, v.
The Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company of Newark, New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 190. Dr. Arnold M. Landsborough, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 192. Hugh Namon Rakes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
15
No. 194. Central Investment Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 199. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Betty Matsumoto. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 202. Euterpe Economos, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 203. Philip Paris, Miles A. Rogers, Herman Meyrich, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 207. Welton Ladner and Lander Necaise, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 208. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Stanley T. McCready. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 210. Mrs. Woodrow Virginia Stone, petitioner, v. Strickland
Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 211. W. R. Kelley, petitioner, v. Union Tank and Supply Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 213. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 215. United Services Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Richard H. Boye and Lucy Bautz Boye. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 217. E. F. Horner, petitioner, v. The County of Winnebago
and A. R. Carter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court of Illinois, Second District, denied.
No. 220. A. F. Whitney, petitioner, v. T. M. Madden. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 222. Railway Employes' Department of the American Fed-
eration of Labor et al., petitioners, v. Northern Pacific Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
16
No. 224. Charles E. Austin, Inc., petitioner, v. Harry F. Kelly,
Secretary of State. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 230. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Industrial Tape Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 239. Pennsylvania-Central Airlines Corporation, petitioner, v.
Marjorie Shoaf Duskin, Executrix of the Last Will and Testament
of Delmar D. Duskin, Jr., Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Joseph M. Taussig, petitioner, v. Honorable John P.
Barnes, United States District Judge for the Northern District of
Illinois. The motion of Mural J. Winstin and Horace A. Young
for leave to file brief as amici curiae granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 102. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Paysoff Tinkoff,
Individually and as Father and Next Friend of Paysoff Tinkoff, Jr.,
and Paysoff Tinkoff, Jr., petitioners, v. Northwestern University, an
Illinois Corporation, et al. The motion for leave to proceed on
mimeographed copies of the petition and record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 103. Frank Lobaido, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Recorder's Court
of the City of Detroit, State of Michigan ; and
No. 104. Frank Lobaido, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record
of the Recorder's Court granted. Petition for writs of certiorari
denied.
No. 147. William M. Lindenfeld, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 155. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Selene R. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 156. Margaret C. Donovan, petitioner, v. Queensboro Corpora-
tion, Garden Housing Corporation et al.; and
No. 49, Misc. Margaret C. Donovan, petitioner, v. Queensboro
Corporation et al. In No. 156 the petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied. In No. 49,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
17
Misc., the motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
No. 176. George C. Reining, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to amend the petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 195. Robert L. McClendon, petitioner, v. L. F. Utecht, as
Warden of Minnesota State Prison. The motion to dispense with the
printing of the petition, brief, and record granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 49, October Term, 1947. William Shapiro, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 97, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, appel-
lant v. James Hoffman;
No. 74, October Term.1947. A. V. Pownall. Grace M. Pownall, and
Hennes-Morgan Machinery Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. The United
States of America;
No. 95, October Term, 1947. Alexander Wool Combing Company,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 415, October Term, 1947. Earl J. Toomer, Joseph A. Cesaroni,
Joseph DeGracia, et al., appellants, v. J. M. Witsell, Edward E. Bur-
roughs, E. L. Sweat, et al.;
No. 432, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Tillie Zazove;
No. 451, October Term, 1947. Andrew W. Comstock, a Holder of
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company 514% Secured Serial Gold Bonds,
etc., petitioner, v. Group of Institutional Investors, etc., et al.;
No. 541, October Term, 1947. Francis Joseph Gryger, petitioner, v.
C. J. Burke, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania;
No. 584, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, ex rel.
Hans Ackermann, petitioner, v. J. L. O'Rourke, Officer in Charge of
Alien Internment Camp at Crystal City, Texas and
No. 585, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, ex rel.
Frieda Ackermann, petitioner, v. J. L. O'Rourke, Officer in Charge
of Alien Internment Camp at Crystal City, Texas;
No. 723, October Term, 1947. Kurt G. W. Ludecke, petitioner, v.
W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immigration;
No. 764, October Term, 1947. Michael Downs, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 775, October Term, 1947. C. E. Eubanks, petitioner, v. Guy A.
Thompson, Receiver or Trustee of the Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
18
No. 796, October Term, 1947. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Merced
Irrigation District. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 366, October Term, 1947. Bay Ridge Operating Co., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. James Aaron, Albert Alston, James Philip Brooks, et al.;
and
No. 367, October Term, 1947. Huron Stevedoring Corp., petitioner,
v. Leo Blue, Nathaniel Dixon, Christian Elliott, et al. The motions
of International Longshoremen's Association, New York Shipping
Association, Waterfront Employees Association, and American Fed-
eration of Labor for leave to file briefs as amici curiae are granted.
The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton are
of opinion the petition for rehearing should be granted.
No. 470, October Term, 1947. William Clark, petitioner, v. The
United States. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 489, October Term, 1947. Mary Morton West, Osage Allottee
No. 192, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Commission. The motion to ex-
tend time to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 532, October Term. 1947. Irwin Kott, Israel Neddleman and
Harry Weiner, petitioners, v. The United States of America. The
motion for reconsideration of petition for rehearing or, in the alter-
native, for leave to file a second petition is denied.
No. 697, October Term, 1947. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie
DuBan, Individually and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A.
DuBan, petitioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The
motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing and supplement
thereto is denied.
No. 210, Misc., October Term, 1947. Morgan Easter, petitioner, v.
People of the State of Illinois;
No. 387, Misc., October Term, 1947. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner,
v. James A. Johnston, Warden;
No. 416, Misc., October Term, 1947. W. E. Montgomery and
Eugene Thomas Booth, petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 447, Misc., October Term, 1947. Henry L. Wilson, petitioner,
v. People of the State of Illinois;
No. 476, Misc., October Term, 1947. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v.
People of the State of Illinois;
No. 480, Misc., October Term, 1947. Gene McCann, petitioner, v.
Tom C. Clark, Attorney General;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
19
No. 490, Misc., October Term, 1947. In the Matter of Homer E.
Bodenmiller, petitioner;
No. 504, Misc., October Term, 1947. Jack Gibson Moss, petitioner,
v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden;
No. 507, Misc., October Term, 1947. Fred Tate, petitioner, v.
Robert A. Heinze, Warden;
No. 510, Misc., October Term, 1947. Lawson Odell, petitioner, v.
R. H. Hudspeth, Warden;
No. 515, Misc., October Term, 1947. Roy M. Johnson, petitioner, v.
Ben B. Stewart, Warden;
No. 518, Misc., October Term, 1947. Gilbert Asbell, petitioner, v.
Ben B. Stewart, Warden;
No. 540, Misc., October Term, 1947. Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner, v.
State of Texas;
No. 551, Misc., October Term, 1947. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner,
v. Francis J. W. Lanagan, Warden;
No. 553, Misc., October Term, 1947. Herbert H. Hall, petitioner, v.
The United States of America and
No. 554, Misc., October Term, 1947. Joe M. Gray, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 559, Misc., October Term, 1947. Bernard M. Shotkin, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Thomas A. Edison, Inc.; and
No. 561, Misc., October Term, 1947. Bernard M. Shotkin, peti-
tioner v. Albert D. Kaplan et al. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are severally denied.
No. 306, Misc., October Term, 1947. John Harry McGough, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. The petition for reconsidera-
tion of order denying rehearing is denied.
No. 226, Misc., October Term, 1947. Rocco Taurisano, petitioner, v.
People of the State of New York. The motion for leave to withdraw
the record is denied.
No. 5, Misc. William Totten, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 6, Misc. Lester A. Samman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 8, Misc. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 9, Misc. James Bolden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
20
No. 13, Misc. Emanuel Cannady, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 14, Misc. Roger Touhy, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 16, Misc. Phillip McMullen, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 18, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 21, Misc. James Duane, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 23, Misc. Walter Engle, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 24, Misc. Forest Wall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 25, Misc. Roy Thompson, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 26, Misc. Keese Milford, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 27, Misc. Arthur J. Felton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 31, Misc. George Blaha, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 33, Misc. Richard Hartnett, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 36, Misc. Sandy Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
800009-48-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
21
No. 37, Misc. Ed. Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Clair County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 38, Misc. Howell Cobb, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 40, Misc. Johnnie Allen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 42, Misc. Roy Eaton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 43, Misc. Dewey Gooch, petitioner, v. L. E. Wilhite, Presiding
Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Scott
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 44, Misc. Sam Hryciuk, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 45, Misc. David W. Townsend, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 46, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 51, Misc. Harold L. Lawrence, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 52, Misc. Earl Reno, petitioner, v. People of the State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 56, Misc. Alexander St. John, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 58, Misc. Vincent Clark, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Han-
cock County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 59, Misc. Harris Bailey, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 60, Misc. Calvin Barnett, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
22
No. 62, Misc. Everett Lee, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 64, Misc. Joseph Saunders, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 65, Misc. R. B. Sanner, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 66, Misc. Julius Edward Epple, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 68, Misc. John Brown, petitioner, v. State of South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Caro-
lina denied.
No. 69, Misc. Clarence Murray, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Mc-
Lean County, State of Illinois, denied. ·
No. 71, Misc. Joseph Devito and Anthony Tommasone, petitioners,
v. State of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Errors and Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 74, Misc. David Flannigan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 75, Misc. Joe Washington, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 76, Misc. Casmere Jurczyszyn, petitioner, v. Michigan Parole
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 77, Misc. Jay Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 81, Misc. Bruce Pierce, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superintend-
ent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 82, Misc. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 83, Misc. John Slobodion, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
23
No. 85, Misc. Edward O. Saxton, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 89, Misc. Henry Williams and Maxwell Bowie, petitioners, v.
People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 91, Misc. Chester F. Hibbs, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 92, Misc. Paul Yankowski, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions, New York County, State of New York, denied.
No. 94, Misc. William Stewart, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 95, Misc. Frank Riley, petitioner, v. The Citizens National
Bank of Waco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 10th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 97, Misc. James Gates, petitioner, v. Circuit Court of Hancock
County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Hancock County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 105, Misc. Lord Merrymood, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 107, Misc. James Montgomery, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Lake
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 108, Misc. James Garcia, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Broome County,
State of New York, denied.
No. 110, Misc. Kenneth Vaughn, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Williamson County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 111, Misc. Ernest J. Rogers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 112, Misc. Herbert Mezo, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Wil-
liamson County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 113, Misc. Joseph Cossentino, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
24
No. 17, Misc. Ray F. Harris, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, State of Illinois, denied. The motion for leave to file
petition for mandamus also denied.
No. 20, Misc. Wallace B. Craig, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus also denied.
No. 22, Misc. Harry Eyer, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus also denied.
No. 35, Misc. Israel White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois, denied. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 70, Misc. Sam Buford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 34, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden;
No. 63, Misc. Salvatore Didato, petitioner, v. Francis C. Shaw,
Director;
No. 72, Misc. Chester Richardson, petitioner, v. State of Missouri;
No. 79, Misc. Ex parte Percy A. Whistler, petitioner;
No. 84, Misc. Ex parte Paulo Caruso, petitioner;
No. 87, Misc. Carl Joseph Zell, petitioner, v. J. Leroy Wright,
Warden of the Maryland House of Correction;
No. 101, Misc. Wade H. Langford, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as
State Prison Custodian; and
No. 104, Misc. Samuel White, petitioner, v. Federal Correctional
Institution, Milan, Michigan. The motions for leave to file petitions
for writs of habeas corpus in these cases are severally denied.
No. 28, Misc. In the Matter of Franz Karl Stattmann, petitioner;
No. 39, Misc. In the Matter of Walter Hohler, petitioner;
No. 93, Misc. In the Matter of Franz Weiss, petitioner; and
No. 103, Misc. In the Matter of Erich Wentzel, petitioner. Treat-
ing the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file a
petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr.
Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction.
U. S. Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz
and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946) ; Milch v. United States,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
1
25
332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948);
In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the
opinion that motions for leave to file should be granted and that the
cases should be set for argument forthwith. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 11, Misc. William Fraser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 12, Misc. William Fraser et al., petitioners, v. The United'
States of America. The motion for leave to withdraw the petitions
for writs of mandamus is granted.
No. 61, Misc. Earnest W. Howell, petitioner, v. Tom Clark, Attor-
ney General; and
No. 96, Misc. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman
et al. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
are denied.
No. 7, Misc. In the Matter of Whitla Stinson, petitioner;
No. 15, Misc. James Medlock, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 29, Misc. Arthur R. Harper, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan; and
No. 57, Misc. Walter Mitchell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petitions denied.
No. 48, Misc. In the Matter of William M. Lee, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 80, Misc. E. R. Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma.
Petition for appeal denied.
No. 88, Misc. Silas S. McKain, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Application denied.
No. 58. The United States of America, ex rel. Stanley Joseph
Pasela, petitioner, v. Frank W. Fenno, Jr., Captain of the United
States Navy, Commanding Officer of the United States Naval Sub-
marine Base. Writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 9. Charles Kovacs, appellant, v. Albert Cooper, Jr., Judge of
the First District Police Court of Trenton. Submitted by Mr. George
Pellettieri for the appellant and by Mr. Louis Josephson for the
appellee.
No. 1. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 2. Commercial Investment Trust Corporation et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
Α

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1948
26
ment. Argued by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the appellants, and
by Mr. Albert Holmes Baldridge for the appellee.
No. 3. Estate of Sidney M. Spiegel, Deceased, Katherine J. Spiegel,
et al., Surviving Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Reargument commenced by Mr. Herbert A. Fried-
lich for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 3, 5,
6, 10, 36, 13, 30, 19, 16, and 23.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1948
27
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
James Carter Todd, of Tulsa, Okla.; James L. Coburn, of Elizabeth,
Ill. Joseph J. Lutin, of Nashville, Tenn.; Leonard Widman, of
Asbury Park, N. J.; Dudley T. Shearer, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Charles W. Johnson, of Sacramento, Calif.; John S. Atkins, of Kerr-
ville, Tex.; Edmund Hatfield, of Chicago, Ill.; Patrick Healey, of
Waterbury, Conn.; and Drennan J. Slater, of Chicago, Ill., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 3. Estate of Sidney M. Spiegel, Deceased, Katherine J.
Spiegel, et al., Surviving Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Reargument concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the respondent.
No. 5. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Francois L. Church, Deceased, Edward E. Black, Executor. Re-
argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr. William W.
Owens for the respondent.
No. 6. Grand River Dam Authority, a Public Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Grand-Hydro, a Private Corporation. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Robert L. Davidson for the petitioner; continued by
Mr. Howard E. Wahrenbrock for the United States, as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Robert Dade Hudson for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 6,
10, 36, 13, 30, 19, 16, 23, 22, and 44.
☑
800009-48--6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1948
28
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Gordon X. Richmond, of Orange, Calif.; Stone Wells, of Houston,
Tex.; Fortunato Porotto, of Washington, D. C.; and David Previant,
of Milwaukee, Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 348. Curtis D. MacDougall et al., appellants, v. Dwight H.
Green, Individually and as Governor of the State of Illinois, et al.
Motion to advance and expedite hearing and disposition submitted by
Mr. Edmund Hatfield for the appellants.
No. 6. Grand River Dam Authority, a Public Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Grand-Hydro, a Private Corporation. Argument contin-
ued by Mr. Robert Dade Hudson for the respondent; by Mr. S. Frank
Fowler for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Davidson
for the petitioner.
No. 10. Alexandesus Bellaskus, petitioner, v. L. D. Crossman,
Officer in Charge, United States Immigration and Naturalization
Service. Argued by Mr. Philip R. Monahan for the respondent and
case submitted by Mr. Charles F. Tucker for the petitioner.
No. 36. Earl H. McDonald and Joseph F. Washington, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. John Lewis Smith,
Jr., and Mr. Charles E. Ford for the petitioners, and by Mr. Freder-
ick Bernays Wiener for the respondent.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Fred Urbeteit,
Claimant of 16 Articles of Devices More or Less, Labeled "Sinuother-
mic, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman
for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. H. O. Pemberton for the
respondent.
No. 149, Misc. Etta Williams, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. The motion for a stay of execution is denied. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California is denied.
No. 348. Curtis D. MacDougall et al., appellants, v. Dwight H.
Green, Individually and as Governor of the State of Illinois, et al.
The motion of appellants to advance and expedite the hearing of this
case is granted and it is ordered that the time for filing statement op-
80000948-7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1948
29
posing jurisdiction be reduced to three days; that briefs be filed by
October 16; that the case be set for oral argument on October 18; and
that the case be heard on the typewritten short record certified to this
Court by the Clerk of the District Court. Further consideration of
the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed
to the hearing of the case on the merits.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
30, 19, 16, 23, 22, 44, 1 Misc., 12, and 21.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1948
30
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Novak N. Marku, of Canton, Ohio; Bernard D. Levinson, of Boston,
Mass.; Earl Smith, of Mason City, Iowa; C. Frederick Beck, of Mason
City, Iowa; M. Edward Buckley, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Mary E.
Ramier, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and Melvin F. Wingersky, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Fred Urbeteit,
Claimant of 16 Articles of Device More or Less, Labeled "Sinuo-
thermic," etc. Argument concluded by Mr. H. O. Pemberton for the
respondent.
No. 30. Lelord Kordel, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Arthur D. Herrick for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent.
No. 19. Alfred S. Penn, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Royal W. Irwin for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Drennan J. Slater for the respondent.
No. 16. Mandel Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. John H. Wallace, Jr.
Argued by Mr. Leonard S. Lyon for the petitioner, and by Mr. Charles
J. Merriam for the respondent.
No. 23. Solomon Michelson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Louis J. Castellano for the
⚫ petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 23,
22, 44, 348, 1 Misc., 12, 21, 17 (and 18), 1389 October Term 1946,
and 42.
800009-48- -8
✓

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Gerald B. Tjoflat, of Cincinnati, Ohio; and James W. Pearce, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Solomon Michelson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Louis J. Castellano for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Joseph M. Howard for the respondent.
No. 22. Vermilya-Brown Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v John
Joseph Connell et al. Argued by Mr. Charles Fahy for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Sol L. Firstenberg for the respondents.
No. 44. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. M. Edward Buckley, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr.
Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 348,
1 Misc., 12, 21, 17 (and 18), 1389 October Term 1946, 42, 26, 20,
and 11.
✓
800000 10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
32
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Leon Alvah Bradbury, of Hartford, Conn.; Gordon Nash, of
Chicago, Ill.; Richard Frye Watt, of Chicago, Ill.; Isadore Albert
Lehrer, of Hartford, Conn.; Claude L. Schenck, of Kansas City, Mo.;
Peter B. Collins, of Wilmington, Del.; John W. Porter, Jr., of Musko-
gee, Okla.; Philip Hornbein, of Denver, Colo.; Helge Thomsen, of
Tyler, Minn.; William M. Serbine, of Saint Paul, Minn.; Ellsworth
Hall, Jr., of Macon, Ga.; Robert W. Thompson, Jr., of Gulfport, Miss. ;
Donald M. Shere, of Denver, Colo.; Warren E. Hall, Jr., of Atlanta,
Ga.; James Schilly Redmond, of Bluefield, W. Va.; Lloyd S. Adams,
of Humboldt, Tenn.; and Donald R. Mote, of North Manchester, Ind.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 10. Alexandesus Bellaskus, petitioner, v. L. D. Crossman,
Officer in Charge, United States Immigration and Naturalization
Service. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Per curiam: Upon suggestion of the Solicitor General and
consideration of the record, the judgment of the Court of Appeals is
reversed and the cause is remanded to the District Court with direc-
tions to vacate its order discharging the rule to show cause and dis-
missing the petition for a writ of habeas corpus.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 24. Frank Hynes, Regional Director, Fish and Wildlife Serv-
ice, Department of the Interior, petitioner, v. Grimes Packing Co.,
Kadiak Fisheries Company, Libby, McNeill & Libby, et al. The mo-
tion for leave to file brief of the Native Village of Karluk et al., as
amici curiae, is granted.
No. 279. Standard Oil Company of California and Standard
Stations, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America; and
800009-48-
-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
33
No. 287. Interstate Oil Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman State Tax Commission. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 117. Hermoine P. Rice, petitioner, v. Lillian P. Rice. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Con-
necticut granted.
No. 231. United States of America, ex rel. Harold E. Hirshberg,
petitioner, v. Captain M. J. Malanaphy, United States Navy, Com-
manding Officer, U. S. Naval Receiving Station, Brooklyn, New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 237. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 115. Aldo Guerrini, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 134. Research Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 150. J. W. Kirkland, H. H. Garrison, et al., petitioners, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, Grand International Brother-
hood of Locomotive Engineers, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 214. R. B. Gantt, petitioner, v. Felipe Y. Carlos Hurtado &
Cia., Ltda. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, New York County, denied.
No. 219. Inez L. Burns, Mabel Spaulding, Myrtle Ramsey, et al.,
petitioners, v. The People of the State of California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District,
State of California, denied.
No. 221. Washington Pension Union, petitioner, v. The State of
Washington, on the Relation of Dana T. Robinson. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 229. E. J. Hounsell, Administrator of the Estate of Nellie
Hounsell, deceased, petitioner, v. Wisconsin Department of Taxa-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 233. Joan Brodel (Professionally known as Joan Leslie), peti-
tioner, v. Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. (a Corporation). Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
34
No. 235. Globe Solvents Company, petitioner, v. S. S. "California."
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 236. Bayuk Cigars, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 240. Central Surety & Insurance Corporation, petitioner, v.
Royal Transit, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 245. The Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 246. Allen-Bradley Company, petitioner, v. Square D Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 250. Frank C. Pabst and Helen R. Pabst, petitioners, v. John
P. Dant Distillery Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 254. Nick Cascio, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 256. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Hunt Foods, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 264. Standard Oil Company and Martha Nichols, as Adminis-
tratrix of the Estate of Ferris Nichols, Deceased, petitioners, v. Wil-
liam F. Drohan et al., as Trustees for Keeshin Motor Express Co.,
Inc., etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 271. In the Matter of the Criminal Contempt Charge Against
Robert Caruba, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Chancery of New Jersey denied.
No. 232. Allen T. Simmons, petitioner, v. Federal Communications
Commission. The motion to designate "The WGAR Broadcasting
Company" as a party respondent is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit is denied.
No. 248. The Wm. Schluderberg-T. J. Kurdle Co., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Emergency Court of Appeals is denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
35
No. 19, Misc. Marvin James Tuthill, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. The motion to defer consideration is denied.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
is denied.
No. 67, Misc. Nicholas Cavallucci, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 73, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 99, Misc. Richard Goodman, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 100, Misc. Robert Tedford, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 114, Misc. In the Matter of John Curtis Barber, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 116, Misc. Francis Monaghan, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 123, Misc. Frederick John Byrnes, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 129, Misc. Frank C. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Stark
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 130, Misc. Irving C. Dederer, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 132, Misc. Thomas Reed, petitioner, v. Walter G. Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 135, Misc. Bernard Francis Williams, petitioner, v. State of
New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 137, Misc. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 140, Misc. Robert Wilde, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
36
No. 141, Misc. Donald Skene, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kane
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 142, Misc. Arthur Richardson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 143, Misc. Emmett Thomas O'Brien, petitioner, v. Nathan
Mayo, Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 32, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. M. J. Pescor,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 115, Misc. Elmer C. Webb, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois and Will County Circuit Court. The petition for injunction
is denied.
No. 117, Misc. Otho Bays, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard, Warden,
Indiana State Prison. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of certiorari is denied.
No. 136, Misc. Francis Stelloh, petitioner, v. Warden of the Wis-
consin State Prison; and
No. 146, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 122, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Hellmuth Vetter, petitioner;
No. 124, Misc. Georg Eckstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 125, Misc. In the Matter of Josef Unrecht, petitioner;
No. 126, Misc. In the Matter of Wilhelm Pfeiffer and Albert
Landwehr, petitioners;
No. 128, Misc. In the Matter of Heinrich Fulsche, petitioner ;
No. 133, Misc. In the Matter of Wilhelm Grill, petitioner; and
No. 145, Misc. In the Matter of Kurt Hans, petitioner. Treating
the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file a
petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction.
U. S. Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and
companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332
U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); In re
Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that
motions for leave to file should be granted and that the cases should
be set for argument forthwith. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1948
37
No. 225. Hyman Y. Josephs, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel for the peti-
tioner.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 25, until Mon-
day, November 8, next.
No. 348. Curtis D. MacDougall et al., appellants, v. Dwight H.
Green, Individually and as Governor of the State of Illinois, et al.
Argued by Mr. John J. Abt and Mr. Richard F. Watt for the appel-
lants; by Mr. William C. Wines for the appellees, Dwight H. Green,
Governor, et al., and by Mr. Melvin F. Wingersky for the appellees,
Michael J. Flynn, Clerk of Cook County, Illinois, et al.
No. 1, Misc. Grace D. Adkins, etc., petitioner, v. E. I. duPont
de Nemours & Co., Inc. Argued on the motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis by Mr. John W. Porter, Jr., for the petitioner and
by Mr. G. C. Spillers for the respondent.
No. 12. Virgil T. Brinegar, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Irvine E. Ungerman for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
21, 17 (and 18), 1389 October Term 1946, 42, 26, 20, 11, 24, and 28.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Eimo G. Funke, of Sacramento, Calif.; William A. McClintock, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph G. Tomascik, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Chas. W.
Duke, of San Antonio, Tex.; Eli E. Fink, of Chicago, Ill.; John W.
Joslyn, of Pasadena, Calif.; and James S. Henderson, of Denver,
Colo., were admitted to practice.
No. 12. Virgil T. Brinegar, petitioner, ». The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the
respondent, and concluded by Mr. Irvine E. Ungerman for the
petitioner.
No. 21. Merrel P. Callaway, as Trustee of the Property of Central
of Georgia Railway Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. L. O.
Benton, Jr., et al. Argued by Mr. T. M. Cunningham for the peti-
tioners, and by Mr. Charles J. Bloch for the respondents.
No. 17. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado and
No. 18. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado. Argued by Mr. Philip Hornbein for the petitioner and by
Mr. James S. Henderson for the respondent.
No. 1389, October Term, 1946. Emil Lustig, alias Dr. Edward E.
Fisher, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Reargued by
Mr. Edward Halle for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General
Perlman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 42,
26, 20, 11, 24, 28, and 29.
☑
800009-48--11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
George T. Goggin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Philip Huntington, of
Mineola, N. Y.; James N. Gerhig, of Hempstead, N. Y.; Joseph M.
Wehler, of Mount Rainier, Md.; and George W. Martin, of Seattle,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 142. Cesario Campa, alias Cesar Campa, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Time within which to file rehearing ex-
tended to and including November 5 on application of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 42. August Klapprott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. P. Bateman Ennis for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the respondent.
No. 26. The United States, petitioner, v. Kansas City Life Insur-
ance Company. Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the
petitioner and by Mr. Stanley Bassett for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
11, 24, and 28.
✓
800009-48-
-12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1948
40
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Harold Prebble Settle, of Shreveport, La.; U. LeRoy Sweeney, Jr.,
of Richmond, Va.; W. C. Arnold, of Seattle, Wash.; George G. Gal-
lantz, of New York City; Leonard E. Peterson, of Washington, D. C.;
Books Poorman Shetter, of Richmond, Va.; Stanley Buchsbaum, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Emory Clark Smith, of Denton, Tex.; Charles F.
Paulis, Jr., of Kearny, N. J.; James B. Lewis, of Washington, D. C.;
and E. Parker Brown, of Suffolk, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 348. Curtis D. MacDougall et al., appellants, v. Dwight H.
Green, Individually and as Governor of the State of Illinois, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurring in the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy
concur.
No. 20. Earl P. Hoiness, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Herbert Resner for the petitioner and by
Mr. Harry I. Rand for the respondent.
No. 11. Doubleday & Company, Inc., appellant, v. People of the
State of New York. Argued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the
appellant and by Mr. Whitman Knapp for the appellee.
No. 24. Frank Hynes, Regional Director, Fish and Wildlife
Service, Department of the Interior, petitioner, v. Grimes Packing
Co., Kadiak Fisheries Company, Libby, McNeill & Libby, et al. Ar-
gued by Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the petitioner and by Mr. W. C.
Arnold and Mr. Frank L. Mechem for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 22, will be as follows: No. 28.
Х
800009-48- -13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John P. Randolph, of Jefferson City, Mo.; Margaret C. Shiozawa,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Philo J. Harvey, of Beverly Hills, Calif.; Edward
R. Downing, of New York City; Francis H. Monek, of Chicago, Ill.;
David T. Griffith, Jr., of Beverly Hills, Calif.; Benj. T. Weinstein,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Francis Worley, of York Springs, Pa.; Owen
Brooke Rhoads, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and H. Francis De Lone, of
Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 28. Julia Eckenrode, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Henry Eckenrode, Deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Leave granted Mr. B. Nathaniel Richter to appear and
present oral argument pro hac vice on motion of Mr. Robert H.
McNeill.
No. 28. Julia Eckenrode, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Henry Eckenrode, Deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. B. Nathaniel Richter for the petitioner,
pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Owen B. Rhoads
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
800009-48-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Joseph Walker, of New York City; Elizabeth Davis Welsh, of
Sacramento, Calif.; John M. Welsh, of Sacramento, Calif.; Jesse
Allen Pardue, of Houston, Tex.; D. P. Reynolds, of Gary, Ind.;
Virginia Smith Reynolds, of Gary, Ind.; Willis Ewart Gladstone
Suffel, of Seattle, Wash.; and Kalman Anthony Oravetz, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 11. Doubleday & Company, Inc., appellant, v. People of the
State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 19. Alfred S. Penn, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed.
Myers v. Reading Co., 331 U. S. 477.
No. 319. Carl E. Ring, appellant, v. Lloyd B. Marsh, Secretary of
State of the State of New Jersey. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 324. Myron E. Pierce, Alfred P. Lowell, Stuart Rand, et al.,
appellants, v. The City of Boston; and
No. 325. Anna C. McCarthy, Myron E. Pierce, Alfred P. Lowell,
et al., appellants, v. The City of Boston. Appeals from the Superior
Court of Massachusetts, County of Suffolk. Per curiam: The motions
to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
800009-48-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1948
43
No. 297. John M. Daniel, as Attorney General of South Carolina,
et al., appellants, v. Family Security Life Insurance Company et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 226. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White,
and Frances Boehm;
No. 227. Thomas W. Streeter et al., petitioners, v. Central-Illinois
Securities Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White, and Frances
Boehm ;
No. 243. The Home Insurance Company and Tradesmens National
Bank and Trust Company, petitioners, v. Central-Illinois Securities
Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White, and Frances Boehm; and
No. 266. Central-Illinois Securities Corporation and Christian A.
Johnson, petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit severally granted.
No. 228. Nye & Nissen (a Corporation) and Abraham Moncharsh,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 234. Mrs. Marie Reynolds, Who Sues as the Administratrix of
the Estate of Hury O. Reynolds, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 111. Gustanes Ancker, Royal W. Armstrong, Fred M. Bartlett,
et al., petitioners, v. People of the State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior Court
in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California, denied.
No. 204. City of Vernon, a Municipal Corporation, Its Defendant
Officers and Employees, petitioners, v. The People of the State of
California; and
No. 205. City of Culver City, a Municipal Corporation, Curtis
Davis, Thomas Carroll, et al., petitioners, v. The People of the State
of California. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 241. Samuel O. Blanc, petitioner, v. Spartan Tool Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 252. Samuel Chapman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 261. Revere Land Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1948
44
No. 262. Montana-Dakota Utilities Co., petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission, Mondakota Gas Company, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 274. Pasadena Research Laboratories, Inc., a Corporation,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 281. The W. E. Wright Company, petitioner, v. William R.
McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 282. St. Louis Amusement Company et al., petitioners, v. Par-
amount Film Distributing Corporation et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 290. William J. Minsch et al., Intervenors, Railway and Light
Securities Company et al., petitioners, v. Frank Bailey et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 251. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission, Michigan-Wisconsin Pipe Line Company
et al. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit is denied.
No. 257. State of Texas, petitioner, v. Edward E. Brown et al., etc.
The motion of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany for leave to intervene as a party respondent is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit is denied.
No. 291. Sgt. George P. McCaffrey, United States Army, peti-
tioner, v. Kenneth C. Royall, Secretary of the Army; and
No. 131, Misc. Sgt. George P. McCaffrey, United States Army, peti-
tioner, v. Kenneth C. Royall, Secretary of the Army. In No. 291,
the petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit is denied. In No. 131, Misc., the motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 263. Shulim Wixman, Also Known as Samuel Morris Wix-
man, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Time within which
to file response to petition for writ of certiorari extended to and
including November 27, next, on motion of the Solicitor General.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The Third Special Report of the Special Master is
approved. The amended bill of complaint is dismissed as to (1) Bates
Expanded Steel Corporation, a Delaware corporation, now known as
East Chicago Expanded Steel Company, pursuant to the stipulation

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1948
45
entered into by and among the State of Illinois and the State of
Indiana, City of East Chicago and Bates Expanded Steel Corporation
(a Delaware corporation), now known as East Chicago Expanded
Steel Company; (2) Bates Expanded Steel Corporation, an Indiana
corporation, pursuant to joint motion entered into by and among
the State of Illinois and the State of Indiana, the City of East Chicago
and Bates Expanded Steel Corporation, an Indiana corporation; (3)
Rogers Galvanizing Company pursuant to joint motion entered into
by and among the State of Illinois and the State of Indiana, the City
of East Chicago and Rogers Galvanizing Company; (4) U. S. S. Lead
Refinery, Inc., pursuant to joint motion entered into by and among
the State of Illinois and the State of Indiana, the City of East Chicago
and U. S. S. Lead Refinery, Inc. Costs against these defendants are to
be taxed in accordance with the recommendations of the Special
Master.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The Third Interim Report of the Special Master dated
September 7, 1948, is approved. The Court orders and directs the
Special Master to continue the proceedings in accordance with the
order of this Court dated February 17, 1947. The Court further orders
that the recommendation of the Special Master as to the apportion-
ment of costs be adopted and costs for the period from September
8, 1947, to September 7, 1948, inclusive, shall be taxed as recommended
in the Third Interim Report.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. An order is entered fixing the compensation and allow-
ing the expenses of the Special Master as of September 7, 1948.
No. 22, Misc. October Term, 1947. Harry Eyer, petitioner, v.
Edwin T. Swenson, Warden. The third petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 139, Misc. William Bolds, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, and to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 144, Misc. Lawrence Day, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 151, Misc. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 155, Misc. In the Matter of Georg Eckstein, petitioner. Treat-
ing the application in this case as a motion for leave to file a petition
for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied. The

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1948
46
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr.
Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction.
U. S. Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and
companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332
U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); in re
Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that
motion for leave to file should be granted and that the case should be
set for argument forthwith. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
Adjourned until Monday, November 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 32
(and 33), 29, 27, 47, 34, 7 (8 and 48), 31, 98, 25, and 75.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert Alexander Irwin, of New York City; Newell N. Fowler, of
Memphis, Tenn.; Roscoe L. Barrows, of Washington, D. C.; LeRoy
Russell Krein, of Chicago, Ill.; Evo De Concini, of Phoenix, Ariz.;
Edson Smith, of Omaha, Nebr.; George Pennell, of Asheville, N. C.;
W. R. Wallace, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph Schecter, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Kathryn J. Lawlor, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Lloyd
L. Stone, of Tulsa, Okla.; John R. Parkhill, of Tampa, Fla.; Elmer
C. Coker, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Theodore R. Colborn, of Cleveland,
Ohio; and Walter A. Marting, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 20. Earl P. Hoiness, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of California for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 16. Mandel Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. John H. Wallace, Jr.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illi-
nois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black./isting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
Concurring
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list filed with the Clerk
and will not be announced orally."
No. 327. Empresa Siderurgica, S. A., a Corporation of Columbia,
South America, et al., appellants, v. County of Merced, a Municipal
Corporation, et al.;
No. 330. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Inter-
state Commerce Commission, the United States of America, the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, et al.; and
800009-48—16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
48
No. 336. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al.,
appellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 253. The United States, petitioner, v. Penn Foundry and Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Claims granted.
No. 258. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Pitts-
burgh Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 298. Defense Supplies Corporation and Reconstruction Finance
Corporation, petitioners, v. Lawrence Warehouse Company et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
No. 255. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Burton took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 269. Antonio Rullan, petitioner, v. Rafael Buscaglia, Treasurer
of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 273. Akers Motor Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. R. S. Newman and
Garland Warren. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 278. Commercial Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Mary Roberts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 284. Joseph A. Whetstone, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 286. Alice F. Keller, petitioner, v. Paul A. Keller. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 288. Lewis L. Strauss, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 289. David W. Lansden et al., petitioners, v. William W. Hart,
as United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Illinois, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 296. Peter M. Anselmo, petitioner, v. The State of Connecticut
(Represented by William J. Cox, Highway Commissioner). Petition

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
49
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
denied.
No. 305. The Galion Metallic Vault Company, petitioner, v.
Edward G. Budd Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 306. Barnes-Manley Wet Wash Laundry Company and L. H.
Barnes, petitioners, v. The Automobile Insurance Company of Hart-
ford, Connecticut. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 308. Associated Telephone and Telegraph Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Federal Telephone and Radio Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 309. York Corporation, petitioner, v. Refrigeration Engineer-
ing, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 310. American Barge Line Company, petitioner, v. Otto J.
Murphy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 314. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Cal-Bay Cor-
poration, Maria Faria, Joseph Faria, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Fred A. Chapman and Elise Chapman, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Gross Income Tax Division, State of Indiana, petitioner,
v. Eileen Elizabeth Strauss. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 339. Gross Income Tax Division, State of Indiana, petitioner,
v. R. Carl Quick. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana denied.
No. 342. Sam Arstein and Ben Arstein, petitioners, v. Robert Reis
& Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, New York County, denied.
No. 344. O. V. Kessler, petitioner, v. Thos. F. McGlone, Jr., Execu-
tor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 349. Southeastern Greyhound Lines, and G. D. (Happy)
Masters, petitioners, v. Frank A. McCafferty. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
50
No. 280. The Locke Machine Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 307. Nora Alice Adkins et al., petitioners, v. J. W. Hamilton,
as Tax Collector of Jefferson County, Alabama. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 311. Joseph McGowan, petitioner, v. J. H. Winchester & Co.,
Inc.; and
No. 312. Pasquale Buro, petitioner, v. American Petroleum Trans-
port Corp. et al. The petition for an extension of time nunc pro tunc
to file petition for writs of certiorari is denied. The petition for writs
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law.
No. 334. John Howard Lawson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 329. Filben Manufacturing Company, Inc., Bernice M. Filben,
Patricia A. Filben, et al., petitioners, v. Rock-Ola Manufacturing Cor-
poration of Delaware et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit dismissed on motion of coun-
sel for the petitioners.
No. 143. Alvin Krulewitch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to enlarge the scope of review is denied.
No. 270, October Term, 1947. Harrison Parker, petitioner, v. People
of the State of Illinois; and
No. 428, October-Term, 1947. Harrison Parker, petitioner, v. People
of the State of Illinois. Petition denied.
No. 697, October Term, 1947. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie
Du Ban, Individually and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A.
Du Ban, petitioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The
motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 103. Frank Lobaido, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan and
No. 104. Frank Lobaido, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 123. Carter Carburetor Corporation, petitioner, v. Lawrence C.
Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
51
No. 141. Stanley H. Borak, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 183. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Royal Typewriter
Company, Inc. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 265. North American Company, appellant, v. William K.
Koerner, Judge of the Circuit Court of the City of St. Louis. The
motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of time under Rule
33 is denied. The motion for a stay of the mandate is also denied.
No. 771, October Term, 1943. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1185, October Term, 1944. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. Joseph
W. Sanford, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia;
and
No. 63, Misc., October Term, 1947. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v.
Joseph W. Sanford, Warden. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 519, Misc., October Term, 1947. Wright Harris, petitioner, v.
City of New York. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 42, Misc. Roy Eaton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden;
No. 79, Misc. Ex parte Percy A. Whistler, petitioner;
No. 95, Misc. Frank Riley, petitioner, v. The Citizens National
Bank of Waco; and
No. 136, Misc. Francis Stelloh, petitioner, v. Warden of the Wis-
consin State Prison. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 3, Misc. George Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 98, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 147, Misc. Christopher Joseph Maikisch, petitioner, v. People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 150, Misc. George Foster, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 152, Misc. Lorne Lally, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, County of Orleans, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
52
No. 157, Misc. James O. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 158, Misc. Charles Holt, petitioner. v. Ralph E. Benson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 159, Misc. Ed Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 160, Misc. Harry M. Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 161, Misc. Perry Williams, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Pike
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 163, Misc. William Walter Avelino, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 164, Misc. Stanley Pryor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 165, Misc. Charles Evans, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 168, Misc. Joseph Sembly, petitioner, v. Col. E. T. Swenson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 174, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer.
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 175, Misc. John Wehr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 182, Misc. Coy Thompson, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 138, Misc. Thomas Gibson, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke;
No. 167, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Winfred Over-
holser; and
No. 169, Misc. Chauncey W. Moore, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1948
53
No. 153, Misc. Edward Smith, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 156, Misc. In the Matter of Albert Heim, petitioner. Treating
the application in this case as a motion for leave to file a petition for
an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice
Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S.
Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and
companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States,
332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948);
In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the
opinion that motion for leave to file should be granted and that the
case should be set for argument forthwith. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 32. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lewis F.
Jacobson; and
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lewis F.
Jacobson. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Theodore R. Colborn for the respondent.
No. 29. National Mutual Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia, petitioner, v. Tidewater Transfer Company, Incorporated,
a Corporation of the State of Virginia. Argued by Mr. David G.
Bress for the petitioner; by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the
United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and by Mr.
Wendell D. Allen and Mr. Francis B. Burch for the respondent.
No. 27. American Federation of Labor, Arizona State Federation
of Labor, et al., appellants, v. American Sash & Door Company et al.;
No. 47. Lincoln Federal Labor Union #19129, American Federa-
tion of Labor, et al., appellants, v. Northwestern Iron and Metal
Company et al.; and
No. 34. George Whitaker, A. M. Debruhl, T. G. Embler, et al.,
appellants, v. State of North Carolina. Six hours allowed for oral
argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for
the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 27
(47 and 34), 7 (8 and 48), 98, 31, 25, 75, 35, 76, 107, and 50.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
54
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Melvin D. Lurie, of Seattle, Wash., was admitted to practice.
No. 27. American Federation of Labor, Arizona State Federation
of Labor, et al., appellants, v. American Sash & Door Company, et al.;
No. 47. Lincoln Federal Labor Union #19129, American Federa-
tion of Labor, et al., appellants, v. Northwestern Iron and Metal Com-
pany, et al.; and
No. 34. George Whitaker, A. M. Debruhl, T. G. Embler, et al.,
appellants, v. State of North Carolina. Argument continued by Mr.
Herbert S. Thatcher for the appellants; by Mr. George Pennell for
the appellants in No. 34; by Mr. II. S. McCluskey for the appellants
in No. 27; by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the appellees in No. 27;
by Mr. Irving Hill for the appellee Northwestern Iron and Metal
Company in No. 47; and by Mr. Edson Smith for the appellee
Nebraska Small Business Men's Association in No. 47.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
27 (47 and 34), 7 (8 and 48), 98, 31, 25, 75, 35, 76, 107, and 50.
800009 48 17

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
55
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
T. Peter Ansberry, of Washington, D. C.; Philip B. Kurland, of
New York City; and John Hoxie, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 27. American Federation of Labor, Arizona State Federation
of Labor, et al., appellants, v. American Sash & Door Company et al.;
No. 47. Lincoln Federal Labor Union #19129, American Federa-
tion of Labor, et al., appellants, v. Northwestern Iron and Metal Com-
pany et al.; and
No. 34. George Whitaker, A. M. Debruhl, T. G. Embler, et al.,
appellants, v. State of North Carolina. Argument continued by Mr.
Edson Smith for the appellee Nebraska Small Business Men's Associ-
ation in No. 47; by Mr. Robert A. Nelson for the appellee The State
of Nebraska in No. 47; by Mr. Ralph Moody for the appellee in No.
34; and concluded by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the appellants.
No. 7. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Ostby and Bar-
ton Company and American Associates, Inc.;
No. 8. Ostby and Barton Company and American Associates, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen; and
No. 48. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Robert Baden,
Rose Baden, Albert Foss, et al. Argued by Mr. William H. Davis for
Jungersen, and by Mr. John Vaughan Groner for Ostby and Barton
Company et al.
Adjourned until Friday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos. 98,
31, 25, 75, 35, 76, 107, 50, 14 (and 15), and 38 (and 39).
×
800009-48—18

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
56
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edward M. Belasco, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Bernard W. Menke, of
Exeter, Nebr.; Simon J. Nash, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and Arthur B.
Skidmore, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 98. Andrew Upshaw, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Joel D. Blackwell for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Robert S. Erdahl for the respondent.
No. 31. Jess Larson, as War Assets Administrator and Surplus
Property Administrator, petitioner, v. Domestic and Foreign Com-
merce Corporation. Argued by Mr. H. G. Morison for the petitioner,
and by Mr. T. Peter Ansberry for the respondent.
No. 25. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation, Big Ben Collieries, Inc..
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Earl B. Wil-
kinson for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, November 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
25, 35, 75, 76, 107, 50, 14 (and 15), 38 (and 39), 216, and 49.
☑
800009-48-
-18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
57
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Eugene Daniel Powers, of New York City; Harold Horace Wolgel,
of New York City; Abe W. Wasserman, of Newark, N. J.; Summers
A. Norman, of Jacksonville, Tex.; Raymond S. Sarnow, of Chicago,
Ill.; Joseph P. Driscoll, of Worchester, Mass.; Craig T. Stockdale, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Louis A. Traxel, of Saginaw, Mich.; Rowland L.
Davis, Jr., of New York City; B. D. Carter, of Bamberg, S. C.; Julian
B. Salley, Jr., of Aiken, S. C.; Leonard A. Williamson, of Aiken,
S. C.; Beatrice Lampert, of Madison, Wis.; Roger A. Minahan, of
Milwaukee, Wis.; Thomas H. Skemp, of La Crosse, Wis.; and Earl G.
Spiker, of Silver Spring, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 1. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 2. Commercial Investment Trust Corporation et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Indiana. Judgment of
July 25, 1946, reversed and cases remanded to the District Court for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge concurs. Mr. Justice Douglas joins in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Black insofar as it protests against lifting the ban on Ford's acquisi-
tion of or affiliation with a finance company.
No. 28. Julia Eckenrode, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Henry Eckenrode, Deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 206. Eugene M. Murphey, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. M. T. Reed
et al., a copartnership, Doing Business as M. T. Reed Construction
800009-48-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1948
58
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals and
the judgment of the District Court are vacated without costs in this
Court to either party. The case is remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi with in-
structions to dismiss those causes of action involving solely construc-
tion work, and to reconsider the remaining causes of action in the light
of the decision of this Court in Kennedy et al. v. Silas Mason Co.,
334 U. S. 249. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Mr. Justice Rutledge is of the opinion that the case as a
whole should be remanded to the District Court for further pro-
ceedings in view of the decision of this Court in Kennedy et al. v. Silas
Mason Co. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Murphy.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 116. Sam Hanna Fogel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Per curiam: Upon consideration of the Government's con-
fession of error and the record, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is reversed and the case is remanded to the District Court with direc-
tions to vacate its order denying the motion for a new trial and to
grant a new trial.
No. 362. Nick Masich, appellant, v. United States Smelting, Re-
fining & Mining Company and F. S. Mulock. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Utah. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the Rules of this Court be amended by adding
thereto Rule 382, to read as follows:
"3812
"State Criminal Cases-Time for taking appeal or filing petition for
writ of certiorari
"An appeal taken, or petition for writ of certiorari filed, seeking
review of a judgment of a state court of last resort in a criminal case,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1948
59.
shall be taken or filed within the ninety days prescribed in 28 United
States Code, section 2101 (c), Approved June 25, 1948.
"So far as applicable, the general considerations and provisions of
Rules 36 and 38 will control in respect to an appeal taken or petition
for writ of certiorari filed in a criminal case from a state court of last
resort."
No. 38. La Crosse Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board, et al.; and
No. 39. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
B-953, A. F. of L., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. The motion of Communications Workers of America,
Division 23, to be made a party of record and to participate in the
oral argument is denied. Leave is granted to file a brief as amicus
curiae.
No. 41, Misc. Baxter Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted and the case is ordered
transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 127, Misc. Edward Gibbs, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
is granted and the case is ordered transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 260. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichen-
laub, petitioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization of the United States for the District of
New York, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 277. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 285. First State Bank of Stratford, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 293. Hickey & Company, a Partnership Composed of William
L. Hickey, et al., as Partners and Individually, petitioners, v. The
United States of America and Robert P. Patterson, Secretary of War.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 316. Charles W. Mulcahy, Trustee of Boston and Providence
Railroad Corporation, petitioner, v. The New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1948
60
No. 340. Pietro Cingrigrani et al., petitioners, v. B. H. Hubbert
& Son, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 345. Ray G. Houston As and Constituting the County Treasurer
of Sacramento County, State of California, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas
McCormack et al., As and Constituting the Board of Trustees of
Reclamation District No. 1000. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 142. Cesario Campa, Alias Cesar Campa, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 162. Excel Auto Radiator Company, petitioner, v. The Bishop
and Babcock Manufacturing Company; and
No. 177. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 173, Misc. Floyd A. Boyle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, denied.
No. 181, Misc. Walter Spicher, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 22, until
Monday, December 6, next.
No. 25. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation, Big Ben Collieries, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Carson L. Tay-
lor for the appellant, Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Rail-
road Company; by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellees, The
United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Erle J.
Zoll, Jr., for the appellees, The Alton Railroad Company et al., and
concluded by Mr. Earl B. Wilkinson for the appellants, Ayrshire
Collieries Corporation et al.
No. 35. George T. Goggin, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Kessco Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. Division of Labor Law
Enforcement, State of California, Statutory Assignee of Certain Prior
Wage Claimants. Argued by Mr. Martin Gendel for the petitioner ;
by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the United States, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court, and by Mr. Edward M. Belasco for the respond-
ent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1948
61
No. 75. Elmer Uveges, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Argument commenced by Mr. Albert A. Fiok for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos. 75,
76, 107, 50, 14 (and 15), 38 (and 39), 216, 49, 59, and 40 (and 41).
✓

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Samuel Billingsley Hill, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Albert Harvey
Cole, Jr., of Peru, Ind.; Hiram Gillett Miller, of Rochester, Ind.;
Herbert Fuchs, of Washington, D. C.; Robert W. Richards, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Donald J. Martin, of Milwaukee, Wis.: Edward
Goldblatt, of Chicago, Ill.; Manuel Howard Stein, of Hibbing, Minn.;
and Ricey S. New, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 75. Elmer Uveges, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Argument continued by Mr. Albert A. Fiok for the petitioner;
by Mr. William S. Rahauser for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Albert A. Fiok for the petitioner.
No. 76. L. D. Harris, petitioner, v. State of South Carolina.
Argued by Mr. Julian B. Salley, Jr., and Mr. Leonard A. Williamson
for the petitioner, and by Mr. B. D. Carter for the respondent.
No. 107. Aaron Turner, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Argument commenced by Mr. Edwin P. Rome for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
107, 50, 14 (and 15), 38 (and 39), 216, 49, 59, and 40 (and 41).
✓
800009-48-21

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
63
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles Schwartz, of Boston, Mass.; Daniel Francis Cleary, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel Marion, of New York City; Robert Edward
Kline, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Charles M. A. Martin, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 107. Aaron Turner, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Argument continued by Mr. Edwin P. Rome for the petitioner ;
by Mr. Colbert C. McClain for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Edwin P. Rome for the petitioner.
No. 50. Jack O'Lee Young, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Argued by Mr. Edward
H. Levi for the petitioner, and by Mr. William C. Wines for the
respondent.
No. 14. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.; and
No. 15. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. David Previant for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
14 (and 15), 216, 38 (and 39), 49, 59, and 40 (and 41).

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
64
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Paul Marshall, of Cleveland, Ohio; Max N. Bass, of New York City;
William S. Kaplan, of Chicago, Ill.; Clinton J. Crandall, of Seattle,
Wash.; James H. Morrison, of Hammond, La.; Cameron C. McCann,
of New Orleans, La.; Lowell D. Gibbons, of Texarkana, Ark.; H. C.
Happ, of Dallas, Tex.; Sara Louise Buchanan, of Alexandria, Va.;
Rudolph S. Bley, of Milligan College, Tenn.; Thomas Harris Reid, of
Portsmouth, Va.; William McC. Baumann, of Cleveland, Ohio; Rich-
ard F. Wolfson, of New York City; Sidney Feinberg, of Berkeley,
Calif.; A. James Martin, of Washington, D. C.; and John W. Cren-
shaw, of Atlanta, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 14. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et
al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.; and
No. 15. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et
al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. David Previant for the petitioners; by Mrs.
Beatrice Lampert for the respondent, Wisconsin Employment Rela-
tions Board; by Mr. Jackson M. Bruce for the respondent, Briggs and
Stratton Corporation, and concluded by Mr. David Previant for the
petitioners.
No. 216. Algoma Plywood and Veneer
Wisconsin Employment Relations Board.
Minahan for the petitioner, and by Mrs.
respondent.
Company, petitioner, v.
Argued by Mr. Roger C.
Beatrice Lampert for the
No. 38. La Crosse Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al.; and
No. 39. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
B-953, A. F. of L., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations.
Board et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Louis Sherman for the
appellant in No. 39, and continued by Mr. Thomas H. Skemp for
the appellant in No. 38.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos. 38
(and 39), 49, 59, and 40 (and 41).
☑
800009-48--23

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
65
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Bernard G. Peter, of Baltimore, Md.; Joel Presley Moore, of New
York City; Anselm Sodaro, of Baltimore, Md.; Joseph Kolodny, of
Baltimore, Md.; B. V. Hampton, of Pratt, Kans.; Norman Wren
Jeter, of Hays, Kans.; William F. McDonnell, of Washington, D. C.;
Vernon D. Beehler, of Los Angeles, Calif.; C. Wylie Allen, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Nancy Fraenkel Wechsler, of Washington, D. C., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 38. La Crosse Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al.; and
No. 39. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
B-953, A. F. of L., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Argument continued by Mr. Thomas H. Skemp for
the appellant in No. 38; by Mrs. Beatrice Lampert for the appellees,
and concluded by Mr. Louis Sherman for the appellant in No. 39.
No. 49. Valentine Goesaert et al., appellants, v. Owen J. Cleary
et al., Members of the Liquor Control Commission of the State of
Michigan. Argued by Miss Anne R. Davidow for the appellants, and
by Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd for the appellees.
No. 40. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. The Texas
Company; and
No. 41. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. Magnolia Pe-
troleum Company. Argued by Mr. R. F. Barry for the petitioner-
by Mr. Robert W. Richards for the respondent in No. 41, and by
Mr. B. W. Griffith for the respondent in No. 40.
Adjourned until Monday, November 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
800009 48 24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
66
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
George Cosson, Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa; Edward E. Reilly, of
Trenton, N. J.; James R. Reynolds, of Washington, D. C.; Barney
Rosenstein, of New York City; A. Richard Greene, of New York City;
Leo Praeger, of New York City; E. R. Hinkle, of Little Rock, Ark.;
Orville A. Park, Jr., of Macon, Ga.; Charles P. Scully, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Eli E. Dorsey, of Seattle, Wash.; Aloysius C. Falussy,
of New York City; John E. Manders, of Anchorage, Alaska; Lawrence
A. Harvey, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Paul N. Culp, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Grand River Dam Authority, a Public Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Grand-Hydro, a Private Corporation. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Murphy join, announced by
Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 30. Lelord Kordel, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson concur.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Fred Urbuteit,
Claimant of 16 Articles of Device More or Less, Labeled "Sinuo-
thermic," etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
announced by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 1, Misc. Grace W. Adkins, etc., petitioner, v. E. I. du Pont
de Nemours & Co., Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
800009-48- -25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
67
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The orders denying appeal in forma pauperis
are vacated and the case is remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. In re William Anthony Leeds. The motion to amend the
attorney roll to show the change of name of William Liebermann to
William Anthony Leeds is granted.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The motion to withdraw the appearance of Harry
H. Stilley as counsel for the defendant, City of Hammond, is granted.
No. 82. John H. Criner and Mary E. Criner, petitioners, v. V. S.
Parham et al. The motion as to the taxation of costs is denied.
No. 267. William Farrell, petitioner, v. United States of America,
War Shipping Administration, Luckenbach Steamship Company.
The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit is also granted.
No. 333. Aeronautical Industrial District Lodge 727, an Unincorpo-
rated Association, petitioner, v. James L. Campbell et al. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 351. Cosmopolitan Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Robert A. McAllister. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 360. Fred W. Fink, petitioner, v. Shepard Steamship Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon. The petitions for writs of certiorari are granted and the
cases are transferred to the summary docket and assigned to follow
No. 179, which case is likewise transferred to the summary docket.
No. 118, Misc. Sam Zimmerman, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
is also granted and the case is ordered transferred to the appellate
docket. The case is placed on the summary docket.
No. 162, Misc. Isaac Gaynor, petitioner, v. Agwilines, Inc. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
68
cuit is also granted and the case is ordered transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary docket. The case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 360.
No. 318. South Buffalo Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 326. Frank A. Colonell, petitioner, v. Benjamin S. Goodman,
William Pleet, Sadie G. Pleet, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 328. Kansas City Terminal Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Frank A. Thompson, Trustee of and for St. Louis-San Francisco
Railway Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 337. Theodore Darr, John Dudasik, Thomas Faracher, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 341. United Funds, Inc., petitioner, v. Dan M. Nee, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue for the Sixth District of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 346. Estate of Hyman Y. Josephs, Deceased, Arthur C. Jo-
sephs, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 350. La Salle-Madison Hotel Company, petitioner, v. William
Dunsterville Denham. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 354. R. W. Claxton, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Boyd F.
Schaff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 358. Harry (Buck) Owens, petitioner, v. The Curtiss Candy
Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 363. Felix T. Boylan et al., petitioners, v. Louis Detrio et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 268. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion to dispense with printing the petition, brief, and record
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 19. Alfred S. Penn, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
69
No. 233. Joan Brodel (Professionally Known as Joan Leslie), pe-
titioner, v. Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. (a Corporation); and
No. 241. Samuel O. Blanc, petitioner, v. Spartan Tool Company.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 53, Misc. Robert S. Martin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 78, Misc. Minnie Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 90, Misc. In the Matter of Oscar B. Elam, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 148, Misc. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 166, Misc. Allen Wallace, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 189, Misc. August Daniels, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 190, Misc. Harry Price, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
McLean County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 195, Misc. Norman J. Brabson, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 201, Misc. David MacBlain, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 203, Misc. Charles W. Martin, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 50, Misc. John K. Meredith, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Gough,
Acting Warden. The motion to substitute William H. Hiatt, Warden,
as party respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 188, Misc. Earnest W. Howell, petitioner, v. James M. Jones,
Warden;
No. 191, Misc. Earl Pack, petitioner, v. Dr. H. Perry, Superin-
tendent; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
70
No. 192, Misc. James J. Mahoney, petitioner, v. L. F. Chapman,
Superintendent. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 197, Misc. Irwin Kadans, petitioner, v. Hon. Philip L. Sul-
livan, U. S. District Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.
ORDER
"IT IS ORDERED BY THIS COURT that the Clerk of this Court, pursuant
to 28 United States Code, section 671 (b), shall furnish bond with
good and sufficient surety, or sureties, to be approved by this Court
in the amount of $100,000 in favor of the United States of America
and/or the United States of America, for the benefit of the litigants
in the Supreme Court of the United States and of all others, as their
interests may appear, conditioned for the faithful and seasonable dis-
charge of the duties of his office including the recording of the decrees,
judgments and determinations of the Supreme Court of the United
States and, also, that he shall well and truly perform the services
for which moneys by law or under the rules of the Court are advanced
or paid to him, and shall truly and faithfully account for such moneys
thus advanced or paid, and for any excess thereof after services are
rendered, and also for all other moneys received by him as such
Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States, in accordance with
law or the orders of this Court;
"AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the bond required by this order,
when approved, as provided herein, shall be filed in the Department
of Justice pursuant to law."
ORDER
"IT IS ORDERED BY THIS COURT that the Marshal of this Court shall
furnish bond with good and sufficient surety, or sureties, to be approved
by this Court, in the amount of $20,000 in favor of the United States
of America, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of
his office and, also, that he shall well and faithfully keep, disburse,
pay over, and account for, according to law, the moneys that may come
into his hands as such Marshal of the Supreme Court of the United
States;
"AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the bond required by this order,
when approved, as provided herein, shall be deposited with the Clerk
of this Court for safekeeping."
ORDER
"IT IS ORDERED BY THIS COURT that the Librarian of this Court, pur-
suant to 28 United States Code, section 674 (d), shall furnish bond

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1948
71
with good and sufficient surety, or sureties, to be approved by this
Court, in the amount of $10,000 in favor of the United States of Amer-
ica and/or the Marshal of the Supreme Court of the United States,
conditioned for the faithful performance of her duties as such Libra-
rian, including the certification for payment by the Marshal of this
Court of vouchers covering expenses incurred and purchases made by
her in her official capacity;
"IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Associate Librarian of this Court
shall furnish bond with good and sufficient surety, or sureties, to be
approved by this Court, in the amount of $5,000 in favor of the
United States of America and/or the Marshal of the Supreme Court
of the United States conditioned in all respects like the bond required
to be furnished by the Librarian of this Court by this order;
"AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the bonds required by this order
when approved, as provided herein, shall be deposited with the Clerk
of this Court for safekeeping."
No. 422. The United States of America, appellant, v. Samuel F.
Waters. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, December 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 51,
53, 54, 56, 63, 65, 59, 45, 46, and 83.
✓

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 244, Misc. Reginald J. Wheeler, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid,
Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. The motion for
reconsideration of the order denying stay of execution is also denied.
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
73
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
James G. Crichton, of Fresno, Calif.; Ralph Clinton Dills, of Comp-
ton, Calif.; Geo. E. Applebaum, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Harry Abrahams,
of Chicago, Ill.; Louise M. Sackmann, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Ruth
Lovett Davis, of Dallas, Tex.; Montgomery Dorsey, of Denver, Colo.;
John Caren, of Columbus, Ohio; R. Brooke Alloway, of Columbus,
Ohio; James V. Lione, of New York City; J. Roger Carroll, of New
York City; Irving T. Bergman, of New York City; Leland B. Groez-
inger, of San Francisco, Calif.; Leona H. Resnik, of Washington,
D. C.; William J. Hotz, Jr., of Omaha, Nebr.; William F. Dalton, of
Omaha, Nebr.; A. H. Nebeker, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Albert A.
Carretta, of Arlington, Va.; Emmet W. Gottenberg, of San Jose,
Calif.; R. Dean Moorhead, of Austin, Tex.; Ernest E. Winters, of
Huntington, W. Va.; C. Norman Cornwall, of Las Vegas, Nev.;
Eugene H. Widman, of Belleville, Ill.; Sydney Lawrence Harvey, of
Des Moines, Iowa; Herbert Paul Schendel, of Wyandotte, Mich.;
Barnett I. Shur, of Portland, Maine; John C. Banks, of Grand Junc-
tion, Colo.; J. Glenn Donaldson, of Denver, Colo.; Henry C. Gill, of
Brockton, Mass.; Samuel C. Alessi, of Jamestown, N. Y.; Claude V.
Jones, of Durham, N. C.; Morris William Weiner, of New York City;
Bernhardt G. Zeiher, of Sandusky, Ohio; Henry G. McCall, of New
Orleans, La.; Benjamin S. Adamowski, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard J.
Carpenter, of Berkeley, Calif.; Emmett A. Tompkins, of Alhambra,
Calif.; John H. Galloway, Jr., of Yonkers, N. Y.; Royal M. Soren-
son, of Santa Monica, Calif.; and Everett M. Glenn, of Sacramento,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. Vermilya-Brown Company, Inc., Necaro Company, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. John Joseph Connell, Eugene T. Fitzpatrick, Wil-
liam L. Flanagan, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which the Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
800009-48- -27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
74
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
of the Army Douglas MacArthur et al. The Court desires to hear
argument upon the questions presented by the motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus. Action upon the motions for
leave to file will be withheld meanwhile, and the motions are set down
for oral argument on Thursday, December 16, 1948. The Chief Jus-
tice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Bur-
ton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction. U. S. Con-
stitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2. Mr. Justice Jackson has filed
a memorandum stating his views.
No. 263. Shulim Wixman, Also Known as Samuel Morris Wixman,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals affirming the judgment of the District Court is re-
versed for the reason that there is insufficient evidence in the record to
support it. The judgment of the District Court is vacated and the case
is remanded to that court for further proceedings.
No. 369. Bethlehem Steel Company, appellant, v. Arthur J.
Moore. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court and the Superior
Court of the County of Suffolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Davis v. Department of Labor
and Industries, 317 U. S. 249.
No. 393. Harry J. Wisner, appellant, v. Kathleene Kaminski,
a. k. a. Catherine Miller Wisner Kaminski. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 397. Brady Transfer and Storage Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Iowa. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. United States v. Carolina Freight Carriers
Corp'n, 315 U. S. 475.
No. 400. Dan Leroy Hall, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy are of opinion that
probable jurisdiction should be noted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
The Chief Justice said:
75
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The motion for leave to withdraw the appearance of
C. Henry Austin as counsel for defendant, Standard Oil Co., is granted.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Fred Urbu-
teit, Claimant of 16 Articles of Device More or Less, Labeled "Sinu-
othermic," etc. The notation of dissent from the opinion of the Court
in this case announced November 22, 1948, is amended to read as
follows:
"Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Jackson dissent for the reasons stated in their dissent
in Kordel v. United States, No. 30, decided this day, although this
case arises under the limitation of § 304 (a), 'while in interstate com-
merce,' which has a different scope from § 301 (k), while 'held for
sale after shipment in interstate commerce"."
No. 231. United States of America, ex rel. Harold E. Hirshberg,
petitioner, v. Captain M. J. Malanaphy, United States Navy, Com-
manding Officer, U. S. Naval Receiving Station, Brooklyn, New York.
The motion of the Solicitor General to substitute Captain William R.
Cooke, Jr., as the party respondent herein is granted.
No. 416. The United States of America, appellant, v. Wallace &
Tiernan Company, Inc., et al. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the motion to dis-
miss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 292. George Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
. No. 299. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock
Company;
No. 300. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter;
No. 301. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 302. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson (a
Corporation);
No. 303. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson;
and
No. 304. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Company.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 313. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. W. O.
Culbertson, Sr., and Gladys Culbertson. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
76
No. 355. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. Berl
B. Zook and Wilmer K. Craig. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Department of the Superior Court in and for the County
of Los Angeles, State of California, granted.
No. 135. The United States, petitioner, v. William V. Griffin and
Hugh William Purvis, Receivers for Georgia & Florida Railroad;
and
No. 198. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver for Georgia & Florida Rail-
road, petitioner, v. The United States. The motion, in No. 135, to sub-
stitute Alfred W. Jones, present receiver for Georgia & Florida Rail-
road as the party respondent is granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Claims are granted.
No. 387. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 193. James Washington, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 218. Hugh Henderson, Individually and by J. Willard Gragg,
His Next Friend, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Company, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 238. Martin Erreca, and Bernard F. Gavin and George D.
Coleman, Administrators of the Estate of Thomas J. Gavin, De-
ceased, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 294. Albert J. Deeb, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 295. Charles C. Diggs, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 332. The United States, petitioner, v. Edmond Pfotzer and
E. John Pfotzer, Co-Partners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 335. Joseph Martinelli & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Gillarde
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 343. United Shoe Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v. Jacob
S. Kamborian and International Shoe Machine Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 347. Roy R. Rainey, petitioner, v. A. R. Cartlidge et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.

1
MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
77
No. 352. Kent Food Corp., and Clark-Iger Food Products Co.,
Inc., petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 353. Kent Food Corp., and Clark-Iger Food Products Co.,
Inc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 356. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Richard
L. Rosenbaum, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Ultimite Corporation,
Bankrupt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 359. William H. Delozier, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson,
Trustee for Missouri Pacific Railway Company, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 364. Walter Fliss and Helen Fliss, petitioners, v. Tighe E.
Woods, Acting Housing Expeditor, Office of Housing Expeditor, For
and On Behalf of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 367. W. C. Jarrett, L. DeVries, W. E. Jocelyn et al., peti-
tioners, v. Norfolk Redevelopment and Housing Authority, a Cor-
poration, Also Known as Norfolk Housing Authority. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 368. Hilda Ogden Bratt, Barbara Ann Bratt, a Minor By Her
Guardian ad litem Hilda Ogden Bratt, petitioners, v. Western Air
Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 187. Watchtower Bible and Tract Society, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, New York County,
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy are of opinion
the petition should be granted.
No. 317. Hans Ludwig Benzian, petitioner, v. Saul Godwin, Chair-
man, and Irving J. Hess et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 320. Joseph G. Battaglia et al., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation;
No. 321. Frank Holland et al., etc., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation;
No. 322. William S. Hilger et al., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation; and
No. 323. Walter J. Casheba, etc., petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. The motion for leave to file brief of Charles J. Margiotti as

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
78
amicus curiae is granted. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 331. Ernest Woodmansee, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. The motion to proceed on a partial record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 434. George C. Adcock et al., Individually and On Behalf of
Other Citizens Duly Registered and Qualified as Voters of Alabama,
Similarly Situated, petitioners, v. Robert B. Albritton et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 211. W. R. Kelley, petitioner, v. Union Tank and Supply
Company. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 288. Lewis L. Strauss, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 154, Misc. G. W. McLaurin, petitioner, v. Honorable Alfred P.
Murrah et al. The motion for leave to withdraw the petition for writ
of mandamus is granted and the clerk is authorized to return the
record to the District Court.
No. 231, Misc. George C. Adcock et al., petitioners, v. Robert B.
Albritton et al., etc. The motion for leave to file petition for writs
of injunction and mandamus is denied. Mr. Justice Black took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 246, Misc. James E. Folsom, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Robert
B. Albritton et al. The motion for leave to file petition for injunction
or other extraordinary relief is denied. Mr. Justice Black took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 134, Misc. Al Trahan, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 170, Misc. James Butler, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Han-
cock County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 176, Misc. Wardell Murphy, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 198, Misc. Luhemitt White, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the City Court of the City
of East St. Louis, State of Illinois, denied.
No 199, Misc. Harris Bailey, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1948
79
No. 200, Misc. William Sellers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 213, Misc. Raymond J. Hirsch, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General Ses-
sions, New York County, Part VIII, State of New York, denied.
No. 214, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. W. F. Perkins
and John Healy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Colorado denied.
No. 217, Misc. Harley New, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 219, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. H. P. Burke et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 212, Misc. Walter Engle, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden;
No. 225, Misc. In the Matter of John Trant, petitioner; and
No. 230, Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 51. Railway Express Agency, Inc., Charles Gerchario, Michael
Long, et al., appellants, v. People of the State of New York. Argued
by Mr. Ralph M. Carson for the appellants, and by Mr. Stanley
Buchsbaum for the appellee.
No. 53. Clyde Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, as Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Parnell Black for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Dennis McCarthy for the respondents.
No. 54. Howard F. Coray, Ancillary Administrator of the Estate
of William Frank Lucas, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Parnell Black for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos. 54,
56, 63, 65, 5, 45, 46, 83, 84, and 88.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
80
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Walter E. Hoffman, of Norfolk, Va.; Edw. L. Breeden, Jr., of Nor-
folk, Va.; David Elmer Hartshorn, of Washington, D. C.; Henry S.
Waldman, of Elizabeth, N. J.; William Arley Bunnell, of Dallas, Tex.;
John Ewing Smith, of Bellefontaine, Ohio; Wm. L. Branch, of Denver,
Colo.; and Charles A. Thomas, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 54. Howard F. Coray, Ancillary Administrator of the Estate
of William Frank Lucas, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Argument continued by Mr. Parnell Black for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. A. H. Nebeker for the respondent, and concluded by
Mr. Parnell Black for the petitioner.
No. 56. Richard P. Lawson, as Deputy Commissioner, Sixth Com-
pensation District, United States Employees' Compensation Commis-
sion, petitioner, v. Suwannee Fruit & Steamship Company, a Corpo-
ration, et al. Argued by Mr. Newell A. Clapp for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Harry T. Gray for the respondents.
No. 63. Kimball Laundry Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. William J. Hotz
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos.
63, 65, 59, 45, 46, 83, 84, 88, 92, and 90.
Х
800009-48- -28

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
August F. W. Siebel, of Chicago, Ill., was admitted to practice.
No. 63. Kimball Laundry Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor
General Washington for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. William
J. Hotz for the petitioner.
No. 65. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Acme Fast Freight, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Joseph Walker and Mr. Rowland L. Davis, Jr., for the petitioners,
and by Mr. Paul A. Crouch for the respondent.
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Allan R. Rosenberg for the
petitioner.
No. 258, Misc. Reginald J. Wheeler and Jesse James Patton, peti-
tioners, v. Curtis Reid, Superintendent, Washington Asylum and Jail.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
59, 45, 46, 83, 84, 88, 92, 90, 117, and 110.
☑
800009-48-29
10

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr.
Justice Burton.
Edward T. Welch, of New York City; William B. Paul, of Denver,
Colo.; and William Coit Allee, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to
practice.
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. Motion of counsel for petitioners
for a continuance denied.
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Allan R. Rosenberg and Mr.
Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner; by Mr. Solicitor General
Perlman for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Allan R. Rosen-
berg for the petitioner.
No. 45. Joe J. Fisher, petitioner, v. R. C. Pace, Sheriff of Jasper
County, Texas. Argued by Mr. R. Dean Moorhead for the petitioner,
and case submitted by Mr. Quentin Keith for the respondent.
No. 46. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stowe
Spinning Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Mozart G.
Ratner for the petitioner.
No. 260, Misc. Reginald J. Wheeler, petitioner, v. Donald Clem-
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus de-
nied and motion for stay of execution denied.
mer.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos. 46,
83, 84, 88, 92, 90, 117, 110, 91, and 417.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
83
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Lowell L. Forbes, of Mason City, Iowa; Claude E. Hobbs, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph W. Cash, of Houston, Tex.; and George
Dyson Friou, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 46. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stowe
Spinning Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Mozart G.
Ratner for the petitioner; by Mr. Paul C. Whitlock for the respond-
ents, and concluded by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner for the petitioner.
No. 83. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Margaret
R. Phipps. Argued by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the petitioner,
and by Mr. W. Clayton Carpenter for the respondent.
No. 84. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Pelham
G. Wodehouse. Argument commenced by Miss Melva M. Graney
for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Watson Washburn for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 84,
.88, 92, 90, 117, 110, 91, 417, 128 (and 196), and 121 (and 130).
Х
A
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
84
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Joseph A. Sprankle, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif; Francis R. McGuigan,
of New York City; Ralph H. Clark, of New Haven, Conn.; Samuel A.
Persky, of New Haven, Conn.; Ross R. Barnett, of Jackson, Miss.;
Vincent B. Welch, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas F. Seymour, of New
Haven, Conn.; Sam P. Walker, of Memphis, Tenn.; and Herbert
Sidney Burr, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 36. Earl H. McDonald and Joseph F. Washington, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in
the result and in the opinion insofar as it relates to the petitioner
McDonald. With respect to the petitioner Washington, he is of the
view that the evidence, having been illegally obtained, was inadmis-
sible. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, having joined in the Court's opinion, also concurs in the
opinion of Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 75. Elmer Uveges, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to said Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
No. 98. Andrew Upshaw, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
800009-48-32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
85
Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Jackson, and
Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 414. Sherman R. Ring and Jack B. Brody, Individually and
Partners Trading as R. & B. Truck & Parts Co., appellants, v. Mayor
and Council of the Borough of North Arlington, Bergen County,
New Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 433. David Hodge and Wilbur G. Moffitte, appellants, v. The
Tulsa County Election Board et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Per curiam:
The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded with directions
to dismiss the cause as moot. Mills v. Green, 159 U. S. 651; United
States v. Anchor Coal Co., 279 U. S. 812.
No. 86, Misc. Mrs. Vera Roberts, petitioner, v. The Memphis Street
Railway Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari
are granted. The order of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the
case is remanded to that court for further consideration in the light
of the opinion of this Court in Adkins v. DuPont, No. 1 Misc., decided
November 22, 1948.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 418. Edward Gibbs, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, East-
ern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is ordered
that Frederick Bernays Wiener, Esq., of Washington, D. C., a member
of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the
petitioner in this case.
No. 272. Arthur Terminiello, petitioner, v. City of Chicago. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted.
No. 396. City of Morgantown, West Virginia, a Municipal Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Royal Insurance Company, Limited. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 121, Misc. Samuel Taylor, petitioner, v. Tennyson Dennis,
Warden. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari are granted. The petition

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
86
for writ of certiorari is granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 242. Morris W. Mamlin and Ralph E. Walker, petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 370. Southwestern Greyhound Lines, Inc., Mid-Continent
Coaches, Inc., and Southwestern Motor Carriers Corporation d/b/a
a Southwestern Trailways, petitioners, v. Leo F. King. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 371. John Kivo et al., Individually and As Partners Doing
Business Under the Firm Name and Style of John Kivo & Co., peti-
tioners, v. Fred Loeb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 372. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Radio Condenser
Company and General Instrument Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 373. George Whitney, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 374. Henry C. Alexander, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 375. Arthur M. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 376. I. C. Raymond Atkin et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 377. Henry P. Davison, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 378. Charles D. Dickey et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 379. Thomas S. Lamont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 380. Estate of Thomas W. Lamont, Deceased, Florence C.
Lamont et al., Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 381. R. C. Leffingwell et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 382. William A. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 383. Estate of J. P. Morgan, Deceased, Junius S. Morgan,
et al., Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 384. Junius S. Morgan et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
87
No. 385. Estate of Frances D. Bartow, Deceased, J. P. Morgan &
Co., Incorporated, Executor, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 394. Filben Manufacturing Company, Inc., Bernice M. Filben,
Patricia A. Filben, et al., petitioners, v. Rock-Ola Manufacturing Cor-
poration of Delaware et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 398. Treasure Company and Samarkand Oil Company, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America, For the Use of Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 697, October Term, 1947. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du
Ban, Individually and As Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du
Ban, petitioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The
motion for leave to file a fourth petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 344. O. V. Kessler, petitioner, v. Thos. F. McGlone, Jr., Execu-
tor, et al. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 42, Misc. Roy Eaton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 73, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California; and
No. 153, Misc. Edward Smith, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 172, Misc. James May, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 177, Misc. James Jackson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 204, Misc. Wentworth Crombie, petitioner, v. Walter Nierst-
heimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 207, Misc. Huston Collins, petitioner, v. Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Will County and the Criminal Court of Cook County, State
of Illinois, denied.
No. 208, Misc. William Bates, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 209, Misc. John F. McNaughton, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
No. 210, Misc. Jack Lane, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
88
Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State
of Illinois, denied.
No. 215, Misc. George McKay, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold et al.,
Wardens. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia denied.
No. 216, Misc. John D. Cundiff, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Sanga-
mon County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 220, Misc. Edward W. Cunningham, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 222, Misc. Stephen Jo Nichols, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 223, Misc. John O. Story, petitioner, v. Clarence P. Burford,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Bryan
County, State of Oklahoma, denied.
No. 224, Misc. Edward H. Gould, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, First Department, denied.
No. 243, Misc. Harry Lee Baldridge, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 178, Misc. Lee Waterman, petitioner, v. Fred C. Sanborn, Act-
ing Warden;
No. 226, Misc. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden;
No. 228, Misc. Edward Bautz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 236, Misc. Emanuel Cannady, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are severally denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 20, until Mon-
day, January 3, 1949.
No. 84. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Pelham
G. Wodehouse. Argument continued by Mr. Watson Washburn for
the respondent, and concluded by Miss Melva M. Graney for the
petitioner.
No. 88. Nathan D. Leiman and Samuel Marion, petitioners, v.
Alexander Guttman, George Geller and Arthur Bainton, etc., et al.
Argued by Mr. Samuel Marion for the petitioners, and by Mr. Barney
Rosenstein and Mr. Leo Praeger for the respondents.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1948
89
No. 92. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. C. Chester DuMond,
Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets of the State of New York.
Argument commenced by Mr. Warren F. Farr for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos. 92,
90, 117, 110, 91, 417, 128 (and 196), 121 (and 130), 151 (152 and
153), and 231.

90
90
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Chester Arthur Lessler, of New York City; Joseph T. Mullray, of
Media, Pa.; Bernard B. Wolfe, of Chicago, Ill.; Edwin E. Lippin-
cott II, of Media, Pa.; Carlos D. Vazquez, of San Juan, P. R.; and
Marshall Woolery, of Bedford, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 92. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. C. Chester DuMond,
Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets of the State of New York.
Argument concluded by Mr. Warren F. Farr for the petitioner, and
case submitted by Mr. Nathaniel L. Goldstein, Mr. Wendell P. Brown,
and Mr. Robert G. Blabey for the respondent.
No. 90. Lipe Henslee, Individually, Now Residing in Davidson
County, Tennessee, Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Ten-
nessee, petitioner, v. Union Planters Bank & Trust Company, a Na-
tional Bank at Memphis, Tennessee, et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold
Raum for the petitioner, and by Mr. Sam Polk Walker for the re-
spondent.
No. 117. Hermoine P. Rice, petitioner, v. Lillian P. Rice. Argued
by Mr. Daniel D. Morgan for the petitioner, and by Mr. Samuel A.
Persky and Mr. Ralph H. Clark for the respondent.
No. 110. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company, et al. Argument commenced by Miss
Bessie Margolin for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
110, 91, 417, 128 (and 196), 121 (and 130), and 151 (152 and
153).
800009-48-33

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1948
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William D. Hall, of Elkins, W. Va., was admitted to practice.
No. 110. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company et al. Argument continued by Miss
Bessie Margolin for the petitioner; by Mr. Louis Kurz for the re-
spondents, and concluded by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner.
No. 91. Foley Bros., Inc., and Spencer, White & Prentis, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Frank Paul Filardo. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern
for the petitioners, and by Mr. Chester A. Lessler for the respondent.
No. 417. Baxter Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Francis J. Kelly for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
417, 239 Misc. (240 Misc. and 248 Misc.), 128 (and 196), and
121 (and 130).
Х
800009-48-34

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Joseph Edward Smith, of Oakland, Calif.; L. J. Cushman, of Miami,
Fla.; Warren W. Martin, of Evansville, Ind.; James Lewis McCarrey,
Jr., of Anchorage, Alaska; Barak Thomas Mattingly, of St. Louis,
Mo.; William Logan, Jr., of New York City; John G. Brannon, of
Kansas City, Mo.; and M. Mitchell Bourquin, of San Francisco, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 417. Baxter Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Francis J. Kelly for the petitioner,
by Mr. Charles B. Murray for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Francis J. Kelly for the petitioner.
No. 128. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company, peti-
tioner, v. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division of the United States Department of Labor; and
No. 196. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor, petitioner,
v. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company. Argued by Mr.
John P. Akolt and Mr. Frank N. Bancroft for the Farmers Reservoir
and Irrigation Company, and by Mr. Jeter S. Ray for William R.
McComb, etc.
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. Five hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument on the motion for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus commenced by Mr. William Logan, Jr., for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos. 239
Misc. (240 Misc. and 248 Misc.).
☑
800009-48-35

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Bur-
ton.
Thomas Mason, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward J. Taggart, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Lee C. Hinslea, of Cleveland, Ohio; Lucian Y. Ray, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Thomas J. Murray, of San Francisco, Calif.; and
Louis S. Belkin, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. Argument on the motion for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus continued by Mr. William
Logan, Jr., for the petitioners; by Mr. David F. Smith for the peti-
tioners in Nos. 239 Misc. and 240 Misc.; by Mr. John G. Brannon for
the petitioners in No. 248 Misc.; by Mr. George A. Furness for the
petitioners, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court on motion of Mr.
George Yamaoka in that behalf; by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman
for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. George Yamaoka for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, December 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
800009-48-36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
W. C. Meekins, of Asheville, N. C.; James Bascomb Smathers, of
Asheville, N. C.; R. Hoyle Smathers, of Charlotte, N. C.; Lewis B.
Carpenter, of Charlotte, N. C.; James C. Smathers, of Charlotte, N. C.;
Nathan L. Schoenfeld, of Hot Springs, Ark.; Abraham B. Fischer, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; John Harold Swan, of Sacramento, Calif.; Martin
Jarvis Sand, of New York City; Myron J. Burkhard, of New York
City; Gerald H. Peterson, of Beverly Hills, Calif.; John T. Keefe, of
New Brunswick, N. J.; Philip Blacher, of New Brunswick, N. J.; and
Wm. J. Harding, of New Brunswick, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 44. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 23. Solomon Michelson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which
Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
No. 49. Valentine Goesaert et al., appellants, v. Owen J. Cleary et al.
Members of the Liquor Control Commission of the State of Michigan.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
800009-48 37
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1948
95
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus denied. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result for
reasons to be stated in an opinion. Mr. Justice Murphy dissents. Mr.
Justice Rutledge reserves decision and the announcement of his vote
until a later time. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the final deci-
sion on these motions.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed
by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
An order is entered approving the bond of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that it be recorded.
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and the Ohio Oil Company.
FINAL ORDER
Pursuant to the decision of this Court in United States v. Wyoming
et al., 331 U. S. 440, a decree was entered on February 16, 1948, 333
U. S. 834.
By the terms of the decree, which adjudged that title to the land in
question is in the United States, jurisdiction was retained by this
Court for the purpose of determining the amount of damages payable
by defendants to the plaintiff, and for such other and further orders
and decrees as may be necessary.
On July 2, 1948, Public Law 887 (Chapter 815, 80th Congress, 2d
Session) was approved, and provided:

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1948
96
"That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby authorized
and directed to issue a patent to the State of Wyoming for the east
half of the northeast quarter, section 36, township 58 north, range 100
west, of the sixth principal meridian, in Park County, Wyoming, sub-
ject to any existing lease or leases; Provided: That title to said land
shall be held and considered to have been vested in the State of
Wyoming on July 10, 1890."
On September 29, 1948, the Secretary of the Interior, pursuant to
the authorization and direction contained in the aforesaid Act of
Congress, issued United States Patent No. 1123916 to the State of
Wyoming for the portion of Section 36 described in said Act, subject
to any existing lease or leases, with the title thereto considered to
have vested in the State of Wyoming on July 10, 1890.
The claim for damages arose entirely from the possession by the
defendant Ohio Oil Company of the land described in said Act of
Congress, and its extraction of oil therefrom. Inasmuch as the patent
issued by the United States vests title to said land in the State of
Wyoming during the entire period of possession by the defendant
Ohio Oil Company, there is no need or requirement for further con-
sideration by the Court of plaintiff's demand for a money judgment.
It is therefore ORDERED AND DECREED that the defendants shall pay
the costs of this proceeding, including compensation for services
rendered and actual expenses incurred by the Honorable Nat U. Brown,
Special Master herein. Such compensation and expenses will be fixed
by an order of the Court.
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and the Ohio Oil Company. An order is
entered fixing the compensation and allowing expenses of the Special
Master.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion of the complainant for clari-
fication of scope of inquiry referred to the Special Master is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 206, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Collett, petitioner. This case is
assigned for hearing on the motion for leave to file petition for writs
of mandamus and prohibition and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 233, Misc. Jessie A. Kilpatrick, petitioner, v. The Texas &
Pacific Railway Co. This case is assigned for hearing on the motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or certiorari and the
case is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1948
97
No. 269, Misc. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Na-
tional City Lines, Inc., et al. This case is assigned for hearing on the
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 40. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. The Texas Com-
pany; and
No. 41. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petro-
leum Company. The motion for leave to file rejoinder brief of
respondents is denied. The motion for leave to file brief of R. O.
Mason and Hayes McCoy as amici curiae in No. 40 is denied.
No. 361. Master Metal Strip Service, Inc., and Martin J. Gossen,
petitioners, v. Protex Weatherstrip Mfg. Co., a Co-partnership Con-
sisting of John W. Moustakas, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 392. Irving J. McCoy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 401. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Ancillary Execu-
tor of the Last Will and Testament of Edwin Prestage, Deceased, etc.,
petitioner, v. William J. Pedrick, United States Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Second District of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 407. A. C. Widenhouse, Individually, and Trading as Carolina
Oil Company, petitioner, v. War Emergency Co-operative Associa-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 408. George Abraham, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 410. Trico Products Corporation, petitioner, v. George T.
McGowan, Collector of Internal Revenue for the 28th District of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 399. William Davidson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York is denied.
No. 535, October Term, 1947. Leon Josephson, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1948
98
No. 6. Grand River Dam Authority, a Public Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Grand-Hydro, a Private Corporation. The petition for re-
hearing is denied.
No. 30. Lelord Kordel, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The petition for rehearing is denied for the reason that it was not filed
within the time provided by Rule 33.
No. 148, Misc. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company; and
No. 164, Misc. Stanley Pryor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 187, Misc. Mabel Monroe Bonds, petitioner, v. Sherbourne
Mercantile Company and Hugh Black. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 232, Misc. Luther L. Anderson, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 241, Misc. Carlos Rodriquez, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 268, Misc. Herman Frederick Weber, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Peoria County, State of Illinois, denied.
No.. Herman Frederick Weber, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. The motion for stay of execution is denied.
No. 237, Misc. Sherman Williams, petitioner, v. United Mine Work-
ers of America. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 238, Misc. Frank A. Russo, petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.
No. 242, Misc. William Fraser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.
No. 267, Misc. Heitaro Kimura, Akira Muto, Mamoru Shigemitsu,
and Yoshijiro Umezu, petitioners, v. General of the Army Douglas
MacArthur et al. The motions are denied. See the opinion announced
today in Hirota et al. v. MacArthur et al., Nos. 239, 240, and 248 Misc.
Adjourned until Monday, January 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 3, 1949, will be as follows: Nos.
129, 121 (and 130), 231, 168, 200 (and 201), 223, 244, 109 (188,
209, and 212), 151 (152 and 153), and 237.
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1948
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
99
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 290, Misc. Robert F. Mehaffey, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California denied.
☑
800009-48-38

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
A. Albert Luongo, of New York City; Lyman J. Bishop, Sr., of
Belton, Mo.; J. Harrison Miller, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Victor Rabino-
witz, of New York City; Leonard B. Boudin, of New York City; Sey-
mour B. Quel, of New York City; Sydney W. Cable, of New York
City; Guy W. Green, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Maurice M. Bern-
stein, of Newark, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 25. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation, Big Ben Collieries, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Indiana. Decree affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 7. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Ostby and Barton
Company and American Associates, Inc.;
No. 8. Ostby and Barton Company and American Associates, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 48. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Robert Baden,
Rose Baden, Albert Foss, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments in Nos.
7 and 48 affirmed with costs. Case No. 7 is remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey and No. 48 is
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Judgment in No. 8 reversed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of New
Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 54. Howard F. Coray, Ancillary Administrator of the Estate
of William Frank Lucas, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Utah. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to said
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
800009-49-39

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
101
No. 47. Lincoln Federal Labor Union #19129, American Federa-
tion of Labor, et al., appellants, v. Northwestern Iron and Metal Com-
pany et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ne-
braska;
No. 34. George Whitaker, A. M. Debruhl, T. G. Embler, et al., ap-
pellants, v. State of North Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of North Carolina; and
No. 27. American Federation of Labor, Arizona State Federation
of Labor, et al., appellants, v. American Sash & Door Company et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arizona. Judg-
ments affirmed with costs. Opinions by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Murphy dissents in No. 27. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins insofar as it applies to Nos. 34
and 47.
No. 90. Lipe Henslee, Individually, Now Residing in Davidson
County, Tennessee, Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Ten-
nessee, petitioner, v. Union Planters Bank & Trust Company, a Na-
tional Bank at Memphis, Tennessee. et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Middle of District of Tennessee for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by the Chief Justice. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 413. Georgia Rail Road & Banking Company, appellant, v.
Downing Musgrove, Who is State Revenue Commissioner of the State
of Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Georgia. Per curiam:
The motion to substitute Charles D. Redwine, present State Revenue
Commissioner, as the party appellee in the place and stead of Downing
Musgrove, resigned, is granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the court
below is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it. Mr.
Justice Jackson is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be
noted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
102
No., Original. The United States of America, complainant, v. The
State of Texas; and
No., Original. The United States of America, complainant, v. The
State of Louisiana. The motions of the defendants for leave to oppose
the motions for leave to file complaints are granted, and leave is granted
to file objections, based upon jurisdictional grounds, within two weeks.
No. 237. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion of William L. Ransom for
leave to appear and present oral argument in behalf of Consolidated
Edison Co. of New York, as amicus curiae, within the time allotted
petitioner, is granted.
No. 1116, October Term, 1946. Walter C. De Frates, petitioner, v.
The People of the State of Illinois. The motion of petitioner for tem-
porary withdrawal of the record is denied.
No. 447. Wheeling Steel Corporation, appellant, v. C. Emory
Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 448. National Distillers Products Corporation, New York, ap-
pellant, v. C. Emory Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 388. Welker B. Brooks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 389. James M. Brooks, Administrator of the Estate of Arthur
L. Brooks, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 406. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Knight. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 390. Henry M. Propper, as Receiver of the Property and Assets
Within the State of New York of A. K. M., petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Cus-
todian. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit is granted limited to questions 1 and 2 pre-
sented by the petition for the writ. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 365. Frederick M. Fisch et al., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation; and
No. 366. John D. Bateman et al., petitioners, v. Ford Motor Com-
pany. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 395. Consumers Company, petitioner, v. Consumers Petroleum
Company; and
3
A

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
103
No. 425. Consumers Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Consumers
Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 403. Estate of Isadore Zellerbach, Deceased, J. David Zeller-
bach and Harold L. Zellerbach, Executors, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 419. J. P. Beeler, petitioner, v. The Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific Railway Company, etc.; and
No. 420. J. P. Beeler, petitioner, v. The Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific Railway Company, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 421. E. G. Bradham and Ruby Bradham, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 423. Lowell Bernhardt and Nathaniel Agnew Boyd, alias Matt
Boyd, petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 424. Lowell Bernhardt and Nathaniel Agnew Boyd, alias Matt
Boyd, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 69. J. H. Allison & Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 202. Euterpe Economos, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing
are denied.
No. 295. Charles C. Diggs, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan; and
No. 362. Nick Masich, appellant, v. United States Smelting, Refin-
ing & Mining Company and F. S. Mulock. The petitions for rehear-
ing are denied.
No. 393. Harry J. Wisner, appellant, v. Kathleene Kaminski,
a. k. a. Catherine Miller Wisner Kaminski. On consideration of the
suggestion of the death of Harry J. Wisner, the motion to substitute
J. Frederick Bryan, Administrator of the Estate of Harry J. Wisner,
as the party appellant is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
104
No. 179, Misc. Rubein V. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. Birlon Alphonse Clark, petitioner, v. State of West
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 193, Misc. Edward A. Haley, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 194, Misc. Leon O. Ellard, petitioner, v. The State of New
Hampshire. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Hampshire denied.
No. 227, Misc. John H. Brite and Coke T. Brite, petitioners, v.
Robert A. Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 251, Misc. George Foley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of San-
gamon County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 252, Misc. Louis Tipescu, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 253, Misc. Arthur Edward Berry, petitioner, v. State of Flor-
ida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 254, Misc. Robert Farmer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 255, Misc. William Hathaway, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Alexander County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 256, Misc. Charles Milburn, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 261, Misc. Frank Dzan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 263, Misc. Chester Halverson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 266, Misc. Harold E. Green, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 270, Misc. Edward J. Sterba, Jr., petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
M
G
#

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
105
No. 272, Misc. John Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 273, Misc. Gerald W. Bough, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 274, Misc. N. B. Houghton, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 171, Misc. Leo Grant Kissinger, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 250, Misc. De Wright Baxter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 264, Misc. Jack A. Reid, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 279, Misc. Ex parte Louisiana Farmers Protective Union, Inc.,
petitioner. The motion for rule nisi and for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on Decem-
ber 27, 1948:
ORDERED:
ORDER
1. That the first sentence of Rule 37 (a) (1) of the Federal
Rules of Criminal Procedure be, and it hereby is, amended to read
as follows:
(1) Notice of Appeal. An appeal permitted by law from
a district court to the Supreme Court or to a court of appeals
is taken by filing with the clerk of the district court a notice
of appeal in duplicate.
2. That the first sentence of Rule 38 (a) (3) of the Federal
Rules of Criminal Procedure be, and it hereby is, amended to
read as follows:
(3) Fine. A sentence to pay a fine or a fine and costs, if an
appeal is taken, may be stayed by the district court or by the
court of appeals upon such terms as the court deems proper.
3. That Rule 38 (c) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure
be, and it hereby is, amended to read as follows:
(c) APPLICATION FOR RELIEF PENDING REVIEW. If appli-
cation is made to a court of appeals or to a circuit judge or
to a justice of the Supreme Court for bail pending appeal

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
106
or for an extension of time for filing the record on appeal or
for any other relief which might have been granted by the
district court, the application shall be upon notice and shall
show that application to the court below or a judge thereof
is not practicable or that application has been made and de-
nied, with the reasons given for the denial, or that the action
on the application did not afford the relief to which the
applicant considers himself to be entitled.
4. That Rule 39 (b) (2) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-
cedure be, and it hereby is, amended to read as follows:
(2) Use of Typewritten Record. The court of appeals may
dispense with the printing of the record on appeal and review
the proceedings on the typewritten record.
5. That the foregoing amendments to the Federal Rules of
Criminal Procedure shall take effect on January 1, 1949.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on Decem-
ber 27, 1948:
ORDERED:
ORDER
1. That the title of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure
be, and it hereby is, amended to read as follows:
Rules of Criminal Procedure for the United States Dis-
trict Courts.
2. That Rules 17 (e) (2), 41 (b) (3), 41 (g), 54 (a) (1),
54 (b), 54 (c), 55, 56, and Rule 57 (a), of the Federal Rules of
Criminal Procedure be, and they hereby are, amended as here-
inafter set forth.
3. That Forms 1 to 27, inclusive, contained in the Appendix of
Forms to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure be, and they
hereby are, amended as hereinafter specified.
4. That these amendments to the Federal Rules of Criminal
Procedure shall take effect on the day following the final ad-
journment of the first regular session of the 81st Congress.
5. That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit these
amendments to the Attorney General with the request that he
report them to the Congress at the beginning of the regular
session of the 81st Congress in January 1949.
(Here follow amendments of Rules of Criminal Procedure.)

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1949
107
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on December
29, 1948:
ORDERED:
ORDER
1. That the title "Rules of Civil Procedure for the District
Courts of the United States" be amended to read "Rules of Civil
Procedure for the United States District Courts."
2. That Rules 1, 17, 22, 24, 25, 27, 37, 45, 57, 60, 62, 65, 66, 67,
69, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 79, 81, 82, and 86 of the Rules of Civil Pro-
cedure and Forms Nos. 1, 19, 22, 23, and 27, be, and they hereby
are, amended as hereinafter set forth.
3. That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit these
amendments to the Attorney General with the request that he re-
port them to the Congress at the beginning of the regular session
in January 1949.
(Here follow amendments of Rules of Civil Procedure.)
No. 129. William T. Urie, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee
of the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Guy
W. Green for the petitioner, and by Mr. Lyman J. Bishop for the
respondent.
No. 121. Black Diamond Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 130. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John W.
Crandall for the petitioner in No. 121, and continued by Mr. Philip
Elman for the petitioner in No. 130.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 121
(and 130), 168, 200 (and 201), 182, 191, 244, 184 (and 185), 151
(152 and 153), 223, and 237.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1949
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Emanuel Strauss, of New York City; James Ross Stewart, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Willett M. Haight, of Riverton, Wyo.; Howard W.
Lenfant, of New Orleans, La.; and Reuben G. Lenske, of Portland,
Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 44. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to
and including January 14, next, on motion of counsel for the peti-
tioner.
No. 121. Black Diamond Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 130. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al. Argument continued by Mr. W. G.
Symmers for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. Philip Elman
for the petitioner in No. 130.
No. 168. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Lewis H. Saper, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Spotlight Productions, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Seymour B. Quel for the petitioner, and by Mr. David Haar for
the respondent.
No. 200. State of New York, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy; and
No. 201. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Leonard H.
Carter, Trustee of Union Fabrics, Inc., Bankrupt. Argued by Mr.
I. Henry Kutz for the petitioner in No. 201; by Mr. Francis R.
Curran for the petitioner in No. 200, and by Mr. Sydney W. Cable
for the respondent.
No. 182. Joseph Giboney, Harold Hackell, Paul Mandalia, et al.,
appellants, v. Empire Storage and Ice Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Clif Langsdale for the appellants.
800009-49-40

TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1949
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
109
The day call for Wednesday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos.
182, 191, 244, 184 (and 185), 151 (152 and 153), 223, 237, 253,
143, and 234.
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1949
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Loftus E. Becker, of New York City; Robert G. Zeller, of New York
City; and Lucian L. Johnson, of Louisville, Ky., were admitted to
practice.
No. 182. Joseph Giboney, Harold Hackell, Paul Mandalia, et al.,
appellants, v. Empire Storage and Ice Company. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Clif Langsdale for the appellants and submitted by Mr.
Richard K. Phelps for the appellee.
No. 191. Superior Court of the State of California in and for the
County of Los Angeles and Farmer Bros. Co., petitioners, v. Gay
Lillefloren et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Russell E. Parsons
for the petitioners; motion of respondents to dismiss submitted and
argument continued by Mr. David Sokol for the respondents; by
Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
Russell E. Parsons for the petitioners.
No. 244. Lionel G. Ott, Commissioner of Public Finance and Ex-
Officio City Treasurer of the City of New Orleans, et al., appellants,
v. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, American Barge Line
Company, and Union Barge Line Corporation. Argued by Mr. How-
ard W. Lenfant for the appellants, and by Mr. Arthur A. Moreno for
the appellees. Leave granted appellees to file supplemental brief
within 10 days.
No. 184. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company; and
No. 185. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas
V. Koykka for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 184
(and 185), 151 (152 and 153), 223, 237, 253, 143, 234, 109 (188,
209, and 212), 52, and 226 (227, 243, and 266).
☑
800009-49- -41

THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1949
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
James K. Polk, of New York City; Laurence W. Fairfax, of New
York City; Franklin B. Powers, of Youngstown, Ohio; Herbert
Jerome Bass, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Willard M. L. Robinson, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 184. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company; and
No. 185. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. Argument continued by Mr. Thomas
V. Koykka for the petitioners, by Mr. John T. Cahill and Mr. Richard
R. Wolfe for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Thomas V. Koykka
for the petitioners.
No. 151. National Carbide Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 152. Air Reduction Sales Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 153. Pure Carbonic, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioners,
and by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the respondent.
No. 223. Joy Oil Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion. Argument commenced by Mr. Clayton F. Jennings for the Peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 223,
237, 253, 143, 234, 109 (188, 209, and 212), 52, 226, (227, 243,
and 266), 231, and 336.
Х
800009-49- -42

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1949
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Lewis F. Shull, of Scottsbluff, Nebr.; Francis T. Ryan, of Minne-
apolis, Minn.; George Sladovich, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; Mary
Elizabeth Bibb, of Washington, D. C.; James Masami Morita, of
Honolulu, Hawaii; Bradford Ross, of Cheyenne, Wyo.; Thomas W.
Flynn, of Honolulu, Hawaii; and Wai Yuen Char, of Honolulu,
Hawaii, were admitted to practice.
No. 223, Joy Oil Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion. Argument continued by Mr. Clayton F. Jennings for the peti-
tioner, by Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd for the respondent, and con-
cluded by Mr. Clayton F. Jennings for the petitioner.
No. 237. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Van B. Wake for the
petitioner; by Mr. William L. Ransom for Consolidated Edison
Company of New York, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court;
and by Mr. Lee A. Jackson for the respondent.
No. 253. The United States, petitioner, v. Penn Foundry and
Manufacturing Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Melvin
Richter for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. David G. Bress for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 253,
143, 234, 109 (188, 209, and 212), 52, 226 (227, 243, and 266),
231, 336, 287, and 429.
✓
800009-49-43

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1949
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Laurence J. Hogan, of Pawtucket, R. I.; Edward T. Hogan, of Paw-
tucket, R. I.; John L. Madden, of Baton Rouge, La.; Bol E. Kemp,
Jr., of Amite, La.; Philip R. Miller, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph
W. Di Silvestro, of New York City: H. David Frackman, of New
York City; Raymond E. Hanke, of Des Moines, Iowa; Charles M.
Brooks, of Denton, Tex.; Arthur Bruan, of New York City; William
M. Farrer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; George W. DeMoss, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Herbert T. Silverberg, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Douglas W.
Matthews, of Atlanta, Ga.; and David Anthony Botte, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 191. Superior Court of the State of California in and for the
County of Los Angeles and Farmer Bros. Co., petitioners, v. Gay
Lifflefloren et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: It appearing that there is a non-federal ground,
independent of the federal ground, and adequate to support the judg-
ment of the lower court, the case is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Fox Film Corp'n v. Muller, 296 U. S. 207: Lynch v. New York, 293
U.S. 52.
No. 455. J. P. Cornelius, appellant, v. Pearl B. Jackson. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal is
.dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced.
orally."
No. 427. Frederick W. Wade, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 357. National Bank of Commerce of San Antonio, independ-
ent executor and trustee of the estate of W. G. Higgins, deceased, peti-
800009-49-
44

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1949
114
tioner, v. Frank Scofield, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 405. M. Robert Guggenheim, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 409. Henry C. Riely and Robert T. Barton, Jr., as Receivers,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 411. James A. Daggs, petitioner, v. Grover C. Klein, Rear
Admiral, U. S. Navy, etc., et al.; and
No. 412. John Braito, petitioner, v. Grover C. Klein, Rear Ad-
miral, U. S. Navy, etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 415. Foreman's Association of America, petitioner, v. Edward
G. Budd Manufacturing Company et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 428. J. T. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 437. Benjamin Joseph Miles and
tioners, v. The United States of America.
Myrtle Lett Miles, peti-
Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 503. William Z. Foster, Eugene Dennis, also known as Francis
K. Waldron, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Honorable Harold R. Medina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. The motion for a stay is also denied.
No. 270. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America (A. F. L.) Local Union No.
667, et al., petitioners, v. Joe Mascari et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee dismissed on motion to
counsel for the petitioners.
No. 98, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 214, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. W. F. Perkins
and John Healy; and
No. 219, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. H. P. Burke, et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 54, Misc. Victor Garity, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 282, Misc. W. S. Peaker, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1949
115
No. 286, Misc. Charles W. Wilson, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 284, Misc. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 317, Misc. Henry Winston, Irving Potash, Robert G. Thomp-
son, et al., petitioners, v. Hon. John Clark Knox, as Chief Judge, etc.,
et al. Motion for leave to file petition to void indictments and to
quash venire of petit jurors, for a rule to show cause why mandamus
and prohibition should not issue, for rule absolute, and for a stay,
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 17, until Thurs-
day, January 20 at 11 A. M., and from that day to Monday, January
31, next.
No. 253. The United States, petitioner, v. Penn Foundry and Man-
ufacturing Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. David G.
Bress and by Mr. Robert H. McNeill for the respondent; by Mr.
Melvin Richter for the petitioner; and concluded by Mr. David G.
Bress for the respondent.
No. 143. Alvin Krulewitch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Jacob W. Friedman for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
No. 234. Mrs. Marie Reynolds, who sues as the Administratrix of
the estate of Hury O. Reynolds, deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company, a corporation. Argued by Mr. Kirkman
Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. Peyton D. Bibb for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
109 (188, 209, and 212), 52, 226 (227, 243, and 266), 231, 336,
287, 429, and 267.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1949
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Albert R. Rosenbaum, of McLean, Va.; Harold F. Reindel, of
New York City; Jerome C. Katzin, of Chicago, Ill.; Myer Feldman,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Dwight H. Austin, of Houston, Tex., were
admitted to practice.
No. 109. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Inter-
state Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
No. 188. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri, pe-
tioner, v. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
No. 209. Memphis Light, Gas & Water Division, petitioner, v. In-
terstate Natural Gas Company et al.; and
No. 212. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Inter-
state Natural Gas Company et al. Three hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. Bradford Ross for the Federal Power
Commission; by Mr. John P. Randolph for Public Service Com-
mission of Missouri; by Mr. William C. Wines for Illinois Commerce
Commission; by Mr. John T. Cahill for Memphis Natural Gas Co.;
by Mr. Forney Johnston for Southern Natural Gas Co.; by Mr.
William A. Dougherty for Interstate Natural Gas Co. et al.; and
case submitted by Mr. Charles C. Crabtree for Memphis Light, Gas
and Water Division.
No. 52. Ingram M. Stainbach, Governor of the Territory of Hawaii,
et al., appellants, v. Mo Hock Ke Lok Po, an Eleemosynary Corpora-
tion, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas W. Flynn for the
appellants and continued by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
52, 226 (227, 243, and 266), 231, 336, 287, 429, and 267.
800009 49 45

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1949
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Richard Joyce Smith, of Southport, Conn.; Phelan H. Hunter, of
Tulsa, Okla.; J. Howard Rossbach, of New York City; Herbert L.
Cobin, of Wilmington, Del.; and Conrad G. Moffett, of Philadelphia,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 450. Nannie Ellyson Pollard et al., petitioners, v. Clayton
Hawfield et al. Time within which to file brief opposing petition
for writ of certiorari extended to and including January 31, next,
on motion of counsel for the respondents.
No. 453. Morrison T. Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Time within which to file brief opposing petition for
writ of certiorari extended to and including January 31, next, on
motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 52. Ingram M. Stainback, Governor of the Territory of
Hawaii, et al., appellants, v. Mo Hock Ke Lok Po, an Eleemosynary
Corporation, et al. Argument continued by Mr. A. L. Wirin and
Mr. Wai Yuen Char for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Thomas
W. Flynn for the appellants. Leave granted appellants to file reply.
brief within one week.
· No. 226. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation et al.;
No. 227. Thomas W. Streeter et al., petitioners, v. Central-Illinois
Securities Corporation et al.;
No. 243. The Home Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation et al.; and
No. 266. Central-Illinois Securities Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Four hours allowed.
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Roger S. Foster
for the Securities and Exchange Commission; by Mr. Lawrence R.
Condon for Thomas W. Streeter et al.; by Mr. Francis H. Scheetz
for the Home Insurance Company et al.; and by Mr. Louis Boehm
for Lucille White et al.
800009-49- 46

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1949
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
118
The day call for Thursday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos.
226 (227, 243, and 266), 231, 336, 287, 429, and 267.
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1949
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John P. Doyle, of White Plains, N. Y.; Raymond L. Wise, of New
York City; Albert Blumberg, of Chester, Pa.; William L. Hughes, of
Lancaster, Pa.; Thomas R. Bryan, of Wilkesboro, N. C.; Harry A.
Bowen, of Washington, D. C.; and John S. Lacz, of Paterson, N. J.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 255. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion of petitioner to postpone argument until March 1, next,
granted.
•
No. 465. J. S. Woods, petitioner v. Interstate Realty Company.
Time within which to file brief opposing petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including February 1, next, on motion of counsel
for the respondent.
No. 467. Bennett E. Meyers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Time within which to file brief opposing petition for writ
of certiorari extended to and including January 28, next, on motion
of counsel for the respondent.
No. 504. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Barron-Gray Packing Company. Time for making service
of petition for certiorari, brief, and record extended to a date which
is not later than 15 days after the giving of notice by the Clerk of this
Court to counsel for petitioner that the printed record has been
delivered to such clerk, on motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 226. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation et al.;
No. 227. Thomas W. Streeter et al., petitioners, v. Central-Illinois
Securities Corporation et al.;
No. 243. The Home Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation et al.; and
No. 266. Central-Illinois Securities Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Argument continued by
800009-49- -47

THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1949
120
Mr. Alfred Berman for Central-Illinois Securities Corporation et al.
and concluded by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
No. 231. United States of America, ex rel. Harold E. Hirshberg,
petitioner, v. Captain William R. Cooke, Jr., United States Navy,
etc. Argued by Mr. John J. O'Neil for the petitioner and by Mr.
Peyton Ford for the respondent.
No. 287. Interstate Oil Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman State Tax Commission. Argued by Mr. Phelan H.
Hunter for the appellant and by Mr. J. H. Sumrall for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos. 429
and 267.

FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1949
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
G. Lester W. Curry, of New York City; Frank Quigley, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Walter R. Hart, of New York City; Burton S. Cooper,
of New York City; Bernard Shatzkin, of New York City; Theodore
Miller, of New York City; Joseph S. Iseman, of New York City;
Charles C. Young, of Denver, Colo.; and Anyda Marchant, of Arling-
ton, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 429. Sam Zimmerman, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Ar-
gued by Mr. J. Cookman Boyd, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Hall
Hammond for the respondent.
No. 267. William Farrell, petitioner, v. United States of America
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Myron Scott for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Newell A. Clapp for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. Silas Blake Axtell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
800009-49-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1949
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William Nicholas Hensley, of San Antonio, Tex.; Emmett J.
Rahm, of San Antonio, Tex.; Haskell H. Cooper, of Dallas, Tex.;
Wesley Robert Asinof, of Atlanta, Ga.; Emerson Urquhart Sims, of
Portland, Oreg.; William Simon, of Chicago, Ill.; Hugh Joseph
Graham, Jr., of Springfield, Ill.; Rudolph O. Vorbusch, of New
Orleans, La.; J. Broughton Lamberth, of Alexander City, Ala.; Files
Crenshaw, of Montgomery, Ala.; Jerome Phillips, of Birmingham,
Ala.; John J. Dixson, of New York City; E. Snow Martin, of Lake-
land, Fla.; and Noah M. Gediman, of Falmouth, Mass., were admitted
to practice.
No. 32. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lewis
F. Jacobson; and
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lewis
F. Jacobson. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for further action in accordance with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Concur-
ring: Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed
in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 88. Nathan D. Leiman and Samuel Marion, petitioners, v.
Alexander Guttman, George Geller, and Arthur Bainton, etc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New
York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson dissenting in part in
which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 38. La Crosse Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al.; and
No. 39. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
B-953, A. F. of L., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Wis-
800009-49-49

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1949
123
consin. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the said
Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 42. August Klapprott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals and judgment
of District Court reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey with instructions to
set aside the judgment of default and grant the petitioner a hearing
on the merits raised by the denaturalization complaint. Mr. Justice
Black announced the judgment of the Court and delivered an opinion
in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton agree that the District Court erred in dismissing the petition
to set aside the default judgment, and that the Court of Appeals erred
in affirming the District Court judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurring in the result in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 5. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Francois L. Church, Deceased, Edward E. Black, Executor. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit; and
No. 3. Estate of Sidney M. Spiegel, Deceased, Katherine J. Spiegel,
et al., Surviving Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment in No. 5 reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 3 affirmed. Opinions
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result in
No. 5. Mr. Justice Jackson dissents in No. 3. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed concurring in No. 3 and dissenting in No. 5. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter dissenting in Nos. 3 and 5. Opinions by Mr.
Justice Burton dissenting in Nos. 3 and 5.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 132. The United States, petitioner, v. Richard S. Cors. On
consideration of a suggestion by the respondent of a diminution of

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1949
124
the record and a motion for a writ of certiorari in that regard, cer-
tiorari is denied.
No. 431. United Steelworkers of America et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 336.
No. 386. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Trust Company;
and
No. 443. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Cus-
todian. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 426. World Publishing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 432. E. E. Swalley, petitioner, v. Addressograph-Multigraph
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 444. Pueblo Trading Co., petitioner, v. El Camino Irrigation
District (a Public Corporation), et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 449. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 451. Catherine Bowcott and Edna Woodcock, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 461. Anibal Monagas Y De La Rosa et al., Heirs, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Neftali Vidal-Garrastazu. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 439. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v.
v. William
Whitman Company, Inc.;
No. 440. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. William
Whitman Company, Inc.; and
No. 441. American Safety Table Company, petitioner, v. Singer
Sewing Machine Company. The motions to dispense with printing
the record are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit are denied.
No. 187. Watchtower Bible and Tract Society, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1949
125
No. 400. Dan Leroy Hall, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia;
No. 410. Trico Products Corporation, petitioner, v. George T. Mc-
Gowan, Collector of Internal Revenue for the 28th District of New
York;
No. 226, Misc. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden;
and
No. 237, Misc. Sherman Williams, petitioner, v. United Mine
Workers of America. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 279, Misc. Ex Parte Louisiana Farmers Protective Union, Inc.,
petitioner. The motion for an extension of time within which to file
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, The United States
National Bank of Portland, et al. The motion to recall the mandate
is denied.
No. 275, Misc. Albert Marcus, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 287, Misc. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. Mead R. Johnson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 289, Misc. Ervin Galloway, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 285, Misc. Kenneth Pardee, petitioner, v. State of Michigan;
and
No. 299, Misc. Edward McCray, petitioner, v. Leroy Wright,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 310, Misc. Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Rudolph F. King;
and
No. 312, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George D.
Killinger. Applications denied.
No. 507. City of Omaha, a Municipal Corporation, Charles W.
Leeman, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Frank Brothers Footwear, Inc.,
a Corporation. Time for making service of petition for certiorari,
brief, and record extended to a date which is not later than 10 days

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1949
126
after the giving of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for
the petitioners that the printed record has been delivered to such
Clerk.
Adjourned until Thursday, January 20, at 11 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 197,
333, 121 Misc., 258, 179, 351, 360, 430, 272, and 297.
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1949
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Manuel J. Sugar, of Chicago, Ill.; Jack Caldwell Hebdon, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Ralph H. Duggins, of Marshall, Mo.; John K. Hulston,
of Springfield, Mo.; Clifford Swearingen, of Corpus Christi, Tex.;
Warren B. Phillips, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Walter P. Brenan, of
San Antonio, Tex.; Adrian A. Spears, of San Antonio, Tex.; Bond
Davis, of San Antonio, Tex.; Louis L. Friedman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Ralph P. Johnson, of Osceola, Mo.; Paul E. Sloane, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Harold Dunbar Cooley, of Nashville, N. C.; Hubert Elwood
May, of Nashville, N. C.; Joseph S. Levy, of Kansas City, Mo.; Charles
L. Bacon, of Marshall, Mo.; John S. Boyle, of Chicago, Ill.; James J.
Boyle, of Hubbard, Ohio; Francis W. Durbin, of Lima, Ohio; Dur-
ward F. Mathis, of Lawton, Okla.; John H. MacVey, of Washington,
D. C.; Grant Macfarlane, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Edward V. Long,
of Bowling Green, Mo.; and Robert Patrick Russell, of Milwaukee,
Wis., were admitted to practice.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Alben W.
Barkley as Vice President of the United States by Mr. Justice Stanley
Reed.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Harry S. Tru-
man as President of the United States by the Chief Justice, and the
Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, January 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 197,
333, 121 Misc., 258, 179, 351, 360, 430, 272, and 297.
☑
800009-49--50

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
L. Louis Karton, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel Y. Austin, Jr., of Waynes-
boro, Va.; James Landye, of Portland, Oreg.; Thomas J. White, of
Portland, Oreg.; Sydney R. Drebin, of Chicago, Ill.; Franklin H.
Williams, of New York City; Harry A. Iseberg, of Chicago, Ill.; H.
Eugene Field, of Royal Oak, Mich.; Curtis Bush, of Davenport,
Iowa; Henry Leo Brewster, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Wilbur L. Fugate,
of Charleston, W. Va.; Stanley C. Barker, of Detroit, Mich.; B. C.
Franklin, of Tulsa, Okla.; William Perry Epes, of Alexandria, Va.;
Emrys J. Ross, of Pasadena, Calif.; James J. Leff, of New York City;
John C. Box, Jr., of Jacksonville, Tex.; Abraham Robbins, of New
York City; Paul R. Harmel, of Washington, D. C.; and Harry K.
Mansfield, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 35. George T. Goggin, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Kessco Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. Division of Labor Law
Enforcement, State of California, Statutory Assignee of Certain Prior
Wage Claimants. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 51. Railway Express Agency, Inc., Charles Gerchario, Michael
Long, et al., appellants, v. People of the State of New York. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 9. Charles Kovacs, appellant, v. Albert Cooper, Jr., Judge of
the First District Police Court of Trenton. Appeal from the Court of
Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Mr. Justice Reed announced the judgment of the Court
and an opinion in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Burton
join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Murphy.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
800009-49— -51

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
129
and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
No. 53. Clyde Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, as Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Utah. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the said Supreme Court for further action not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Burton, having con-
curred in the Court's opinion, also joins in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 429. Sam Zimmerman, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed. Akins v. Texas, 325 U. S. 398 (1945).
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 272. Arthur Terminiello, petitioner, v. City of Chicago. The
motions of American Jewish Congress and American Civil Liberties
Union for leave to file briefs as amici curiae are granted.
No. 500. The Union National Bank of Wichita, Kansas, appellant,
v. Carl C. Lamb. Further considération of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. Counsel are requested to discuss on briefs and
oral argument the question whether the application for appeal was
timely.
No. 464. Clayton Mark & Company, Enameled Metals Company,
Fretz-Moon Tube Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 170. Estate of Florence Althea Gibb, Deceased, et al., Execu-
tors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
130
No. 438. Fulton Iron Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Jess
Larson, as War Assets Administrator and Surplus Property Adminis-
trator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 445. King David and William Talmadge Spears, petitioners,
v. George A. Sutton, Executor of the Estate of Dr. Mansfield L. Spears,
Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 454. Worcester Woolen Mills Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 458. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Rohm and Haas Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third District denied.
No. 459. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 460. William J. Cleary, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 462. Frank C. Gierens and Nikolas J. Ferencak, petitioners,
v. People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 463. Wabash Railroad Company, petitioner, v. The Honorable
Richard M. Duncan, a Judge of the United States District Court for
the Western District of Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Coke R. Stevenson, petitioner, v. Lyndon B. Johnson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 469. Atty M. Jackson, petitioner, v. Burr Lambert. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 470. Eugene V. Hensley, James W. Hensley, United Sales
Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 489. Jack L. Harris and B. T. Calhoun, Doing Business as Co-
Partners Under the Trade Name of H-C Products Company, peti-
tioners, v. National Machine Works, Inc., and Theodore C. Gerner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
131
No. 456. Charles C. Patterson, petitioner, v. J. B. Gray. The
motion to dispense with the printing of the petition and record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia is denied.
No. 44. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 171, Misc. Leo Grant Kissinger, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 272, Misc. John Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Georgia; and
No. 274, Misc. N. B. Houghton, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 183, Misc. Lester Sim Exkano, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 196, Misc. Samuel F. Adams, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 205, Misc. James Russell Hawthorne, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 211, Misc. Charles Cuckovich et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 280, Misc. Walter Spicher, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Knox
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 281, Misc. Frank Jordan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 288, Misc. Walter Burns, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 292, Misc. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate
of Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 293, Misc. Walter Spicher, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 295, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Harry Holderfield,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
132
No. 296, Misc. George Richard Oaks, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 297, Misc. Norman C. Allen, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 303, Misc. Geo. E. Dunkle, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Peoria County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 313, Misc. Woodrow Burnett, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 314, Misc. Guy G. Ormsby, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 316, Misc. George William Bailey, petitioner, v. Ben Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 325, Misc. William De Lloyd Bevelhymer, petitioner, v. R. H.
Hudspeth, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 328, Misc. B. A. Pyle, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 333, Misc. Ida May Talbot, petitioner, v. City of Pasadena et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 336, Misc. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 298, Misc. Albert House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as Cus-
todian of the Florida State Prison. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida is denied. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 300, Misc. In the Matter of Albert Woodrow Rash, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 301, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Westinghouse
Electric & Manufacturing Co. et al. Application denied.
No. 308, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion of petitioner for leave to withdraw the motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 311, Misc. Donald Armstrong, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1949
133
No. 319, Misc. Roy Grigsby, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther M. Swygert.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 327, Misc. In the Matter of Canadian River Gas Co., petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 329, Misc. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General. The petition for injunction is denied.
No. 331, Misc. Kelly Moss, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther Swygert,
District Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus is denied.
No. 334, Misc. In the Matter of Charles E. McAdam, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 335, Misc. Howard O. Bonham, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 197. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Crompton-
Highland Mills, Inc. Argued by Mr. David P. Findling for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Ralph Williams for the respondent.
No. 333. Aeronautical Industrial District Lodge 727, an Unincorpo-
rated Association, petitioner, v. James L. Campbell et al. Argued by
Mr. Maurice J. Hindin for the petitioner and by Mr. H. Graham
Morison for the respondents, James L. Campbell et al., and submitted
by Mr. Robert H. Canan for the respondent, Lockheed Aircraft Corpo-
ration. Leave granted petitioner to file memorandum within five days.
No. 121, Misc. Samuel Taylor, petitioner, v. Tennyson Dennis,
Warden. Argument commenced by Mr. Nesbitt Elmore for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 121
Misc., 272, 179, 351, 360, 430, 297, 135 (and 198), 298, and 132.
✗

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1949
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert F. Jackson, of Media, Pa.; Samuel H. Landy, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Wilfred R. Lorry, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Donald S. Rus-
sell, of Spartanburg, S. C.; and Edwin W. Johnson, of Spartanburg,
S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 121, Misc. Samuel Taylor, petitioner, v. Tennyson Dennis,
Warden. Argument concluded by Mr. Nesbitt Elmore for the peti-
tioner and submitted by Mr. A. A. Carmichael and Mr. Bernard F.
Sykes for the respondent.
No. 272. Arthur Terminiello, petitioner, v. City of Chicago.
Argued by Mr. Albert W. Dilling for the petitioner, and by Mr. L.
Louis Karton for the respondent.
No. 179. Lillian A. Weade, Frederick M. Weade, and Roberta L.
Stinemeyer, petitioners, v. Dichmann, Wright & Pugh, Incorporated.
Argued by Mr. William E. Leahy for the petitioners, and by Mr.
Leavenworth Colby for the respondent.
No. 351. Cosmopolitan Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Robert A. McAllister. Argument commenced by Mr. Leavenworth
.Colby for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
351, 360, 430, 297, 135 (and 198), 298, 132, 313, 206 Misc., and
233 Misc.
☑
800009. 40.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1949
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Keed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Edgar A. Brown, of Barnwell, S. C.: R. Hoke Robinson, of Colum-
bia, S. C.; Park Holland. Jr.. of New York City; Felix A. Kaul, of
Gary, Ind.; Albert H. Helvestine, of Washington, D. C.; Nathaniel A.
Turner, of Columbia, S. C.; Archie B. Morrison, of New York City:
Jacob Nass, of New York City: William Stock, of New York City;
Thomas Goodman Vent, of Chicago, Ill.; Rudolph Ebenfeld, of New
York City; Paul L. Peyton. of New York City; Huger Sinkler, of
Charleston, S. C.; George F. Smyth, of Inglewood, Calif.; Seth Lund-
quist, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and DeWitt Morgan Manning, of Los
Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 351. Cosmopolitan Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Robert A. McAllister. Argument concluded by Mr. Jacob Rassner
for the respondent.
No. 360. Fred W. Fink, petitioner, v. Shepard Steamship Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. James Landye for the petitioner and by Mr.
Leavenworth Colby for the respondent.
No. 430. Isaac Gaynor, petitioner, v. Agwilines, Inc. Argued by
· Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner and by Mr. Leaven-
worth Colby for the respondent.
No. 297. John M. Daniel, as Attorney General of South Carolina,
et al., appellants, v. Family Security Life Insurance Company et al.
Argued by Mr. David W. Robinson for the appellants and by Mr.
Donald Russell for the appellees.
No. 135. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver
for Georgia & Florida Railroad; and
No. 198. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver for Georgia & Florida Railroad,
petitioner, v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Moul-
trie Hitt for Jones, Receiver.
800009-49- -53

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1949
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
136
The day call for Thursday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos. 135
(and 198), 298, 132, 313, 206 Misc., 233 Misc., 269 Misc., 355, 327,
and 387.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1949
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Joe Thomas Mizell, Jr., of Richmond, Va.; Boone D. Tillett, Jr.,
of Lake Wales, Fla.; Woodrow J. Sandler, of New York City; and
Darwin W. Telesford, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 135. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred W. Jones, Re-
ceiver for Georgia & Florida Railroad; and
No. 198. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver for Georgia & Florida Rail-
road, petitioner, v. The United States. Argument continued by Mr.
Moultrie Hitt for Jones, Receiver: by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman
for the United States, and concluded by Mr. Moultrie Hitt for Jones,
Receiver.
No. 298. Defense Supplies Corporation and Reconstruction Finance
Corporation, petitioners, v. Lawrence Warehouse Company et al.
Argued by Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioners, by Mr. Morris
Lavine for the respondent, Capitol Chevrolet Co., and by Mr. W. R.
Wallace for the respondent, Lawrence Warehouse Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 132,
313, 206 Misc., 233 Misc., 269 Misc., 355, 387, 327, and 396.
800009-49– -54

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1949
138
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Imogen Williford, of Vossburg, Miss.; Aaron Alvis Layne, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; and Ethel Mary Denny, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 132. The United States, petitioner, v. Richard S. Cors. Ar-
gued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the petitioner, and by Mr. John
Lord O'Brien for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos. 313,
206 Misc., 233 Misc., 269 Misc., 355, 387, 327, and 396.
800009-49-55

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1949
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John S. Guandolo, of Washington, D. C.; Julian G. Hearne, Jr.,
of Wheeling, W. Va.; J. Paul Wait, of Sturgis, Mich.; James Kenneth
Kneussl, of Chicago, Ill.; John P. Sandidge, of Louisville, Ky.; Robert
Andrew Ainsworth, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; Charles Sterling Lan-
drum, of Lexington, Ky.; Henry William Willen, of Louisville, Ky.;
Allan F. Ayers, Jr., of New York City; Norton Jay Come, of Chicago,
Ill.; James E. Sabine, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ronald S. Hazel, of
St. Paul, Minn.; Sidney Meyers, of New York City; Frank R. Reid,
Jr., of Aurora, Ill.; David F. Root, of Morris, Ill.; Leonard Hoffman,
of Morris, Ill.; C. Dinwiddie Stores, of Arlington, Va.; Francis E.
Winslow, of Rocky Mount, N. C.; Mark P. Friedlander, of Falls
Church, Va.; Gerald L. Phelps, of Arlington, Va.; James Clayton
Moore, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.; R. P. Hobson, of Louisville, Ky.;
Lloyd T. Bailey, of Hot Springs, Ark.; and Lon Hocker, of St. Louis,
Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 244. Lionel G. Ott, Commissioner of Public Finance and Ex-
Officio City Treasurer of the City of New Orleans, et al., appellants,
v. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, American Barge Line
Company and Union Barge Line Corporation. Appeal from the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 45. Joe J. Fisher, petitioner, v. R. C. Pace, Sheriff of Jasper
County, Texas. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Texas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 21. Merrel P. Callaway, as Trustee of the Property of Central
of Georgia Railway Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. L. O. Ben-
ton, Jr., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs.
800009-49-
-56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1949
140
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 121, Misc. Samuel Taylor, petitioner, v. Tennyson Dennis,
Warden. On writ of certiorari. Per curiam: The judgment and
order of the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Alabama and the order of the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit are affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is granted and the case is
ordered restored to the docket for reargument. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 387. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. The motion of Capital Airlines, Inc., for leave to
file a brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 457. William H. Hiatt, Warden, United States Penitentiary,
Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Bernard W. Smith. The
motion of the Solicitor General to substitute George W. Humphrey,
the present warden, in the place of William H. Hiatt is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit is granted.
No. 465. J. S. Woods, petitioner, v. Interstate Realty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted.
No. 450. Nannie Ellyson Pollard, Mary Ellyson Dowdy, Hattie
Ellyson Maddox, et al., petitioners, v. Clayton Hawfield, Frances Ger-
trude Scott, Florence O. Metz, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 471. Wilson Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 483. Dixie Cup Company, petitioner, v. Paper Container Mfg.
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1949
141
No. 497. Willie Melmoth Bomar, petitioner, v. Rowena Keith
Keyes and the City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 498. American Locomotive Company, petitioner, v. Chemical
Research Corporation; and
No. 499. American Locomotive Company, petitioner, v. Gyro
Process Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 482. Seatrain Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. West India Fruit &
Steamship Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court.
of Appeals for the Second Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 30. Lelord Kordel, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of time is denied.
No. 405. M. Robert Guggenheim, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 658, October Term, 1945. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stan-
ley P. Ashe, Warden, Western Pennsylvania Penitentiary, Pittsburgh,
Pa., et al., and
No. 659, October Term, 1945. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stan-
ley P. Ashe, Warden, Western Pennsylvania Penitentiary, Pittsburgh,
Pa., et al.;
No. 275, Misc. Albert Marcus, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden;
No. 286, Misc. Charles W. Wilson, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden; and
No. 312, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George D.
Killinger. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 185, Misc. James Albert D'Ostroph, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 229, Misc. Lester Nicholls, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 278, Misc. Mary Gibbons, petitioner, v. Hugo E. Brandt and
Ruth E. Brandt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 321, Misc. John Pitts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 322, Misc. Wilbur Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1949
142
No. 323, Misc. Cortez Garner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 324, Misc. Albert Ciha, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 307, Misc. Robert Nichols Clarke, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois, dismissed on motion of the
petitioner.
No. 337, Misc. Frank W. O'Neill, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California;
No. 345, Misc. Emery Lloyd, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard, Warden;
and
No. 347, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus are severally denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 14, until Mon-
day, February 28, next.
No. 313. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. W. O.
Culbertson, Sr., and Gladys Culbertson. Argued by Mr. Arnold
Raum for the petitioner, and by Mr. Benjamin L. Bird for the
respondent.
No. 206, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Collett, petitioner. Argued on the
motion for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition
by Mr. Lloyd T. Bailey for the petitioner, and by Mr. Robert P. Hob-
son for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos. 233
Misc., 269 Misc., 355, 387, 327, and 396.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1949
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles Pickett, of New York City; J. Herbert Burke, of Chicago,
Ill.; Norman Duberstein, of Washington, D. C.; William F. Brooks,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Beverly W. Pattishall, of Chicago, Ill.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 233, Misc. Jessie A. Kilpatrick, petitioner, v. The Texas &
Pacific Railway Co. Argued on the motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus or certiorari by Mr. William H. DeParcq for
the petitioner and by Mr. Porter R. Chandler for the respondent.
No. 269, Misc. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Na-
tional City Lines, Inc., et al. Argued on the motion for leave to file
petition for writ of certiorari by Mr. Charles Weston for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. C. Frank Reavis for the respondents.
No. 355. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. Berl
B. Zook and Wilmer K. Craig. Argued by Mr. John L. Bland for the
petitioner and by Mr. DeWitt Morgan Manning for the respondents.
No. 387. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Gerald B. Brophy
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
387, 327, and 396.
Х
800009-49-57

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1949
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Mary Frances Brown, of Clarksburg, W. Va.; Arch M. Cantrall, of
Clarksburg, W. Va.; Donald F. Welday, of Detroit, Mich.; Monroe
E. Stein, of New York City; and George F. Roesch 2d, of Middle-
town, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 387. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. Argument continued by Mr. Gerald B. Brophy
for the petitioner; by Mr. Emory T. Nunneley, Jr., for the respondent,
and concluded by Mr. Gerald B. Brophy for the petitioner.
No. 327. Empresa Siderurgica, S. A., a Corporation of Colombia,
South America, et al., appellants, v. County of Merced, a Municipal
Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr. Scott D. Kellogg for the appellants,
and by Mr. James E. Sabine for the appellees.
No. 396. City of Morgantown, West Virginia, a Municipal Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Royal Insurance Company, Limited. Argu-
ment commenced by Miss Mary Frances Brown for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 10, will be as follows: No.
396.
X
800009-49–
-58

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1949
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Albert Louis Seidel, of Chicago, Ill.; and Samuel D. Menin, of
Denver, Colo., were admitted to practice.
No. 396. City of Morgantown, West Virginia, a Municipal Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Royal Insurance Company, Limited. Argu-
ment continued by Miss Mary Frances Brown for the petitioner, and
concluded by Mr. James M. Guiher for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
800009-49- -59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1949
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Hancock Griffin, Jr., of New York City; Harvey L. Hardy, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Bates Block, of Atlanta, Ga.; Philip F. LaFollette,
of Madison, Wis.; Neal Jay Huff, of Larchmont, N. Y.; Bernard
Trencher, of New York City; George Joseph Tichy, of Spokane,
Wash.; Edgar Jules Schoen, of Chicago, Ill.; Horace Bonar Ritchie,
Jr., of Athens, Ga.; Hobby H. McCall, of Dallas, Tex.; Katie Shapiro,
of New York City; James L. Burke, of Elmira, N. Y.; Donald Bur-
dette Smith, of Saint Paul, Minn.; and Carl G. Engling, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 56. Richard P. Lawson, as Deputy Commissioner, Sixth Com-
pensation District, United States Employees' Compensation Commis-
sion, petitioner, v. Suwannee Fruit & Steamship Company, a Cor-
poration, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 110. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Florida for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson concurs.
No. 237. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 234. Mrs. Marie Reynolds, Who Sues as the Administratrix of
the Estate of Hury O. Reynolds, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic
800009-49- .60

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1949
147
Coast Line Railroad Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Concurring: Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge.
No. 472. E. A. Hill, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
said Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of opinion that the petition for
certiorari should not be granted for reasons indicated in his concurring
opinion in No. 53, Wilkerson v. McCarthy, decided January 31, 1949.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.—, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No.-, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v. The
State of Texas. These cases are assigned for oral argument on the
motions for leave to file complaints.
No. 44. Robert Frazier, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
It is ordered that the first sentence of the last paragraph on page 7
of the slip opinion, which begins "Given ten arbitrary choices among
twenty-two prospective jurors
"be, and it is hereby, amended
to read as follows:
*
* "
,
"Given ten arbitrary choices among twenty-two prospective jurors
not disqualified for cause, of whom thirteen were Government em-
ployees and nine privately engaged, he knowingly, of his own right,
rejected nine of the latter and with knowledge or the full opportunity
to secure it accepted without challenge all but one of the former."
No. 53. Clyde Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, as Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western
Railroad Company. Time within which to file petition for rehearing
extended to and including March 8, next, on motion of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 476. Tighe E. Woods, Housing Expediter, Office of the Hous-
ing Expediter, petitioner, v. Elizabeth Ellis Durr. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1949
148
No. 402. Charlie Love, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 467. Bennett E. Meyers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 468. John Barcott, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 478. Roscoe A. Coffman, petitioner, v. Federal Laboratories,
Inc., and the United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 479. Emanuel Stavros Houvardas, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 480. Pangborn Corporation, petitioner, v. The American
Foundry Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 481. American Foundry Equipment Company, petitioner, v.
Pangborn Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 485. Loie L. Bruce, petitioner, v. The Ohio Oil Company, and
Ramsey Petroleum Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 491. Lee Fong Fook, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon, District Di-
rector, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Port of San Fran-
cisco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 492. Russell R. Knowles and Silvia Knowles et al., petitioners,
v. War Damage Corporation, an Instrumentality of the United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 501. Frederick John Wolfe, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 508. George Marris, petitioner, v. Ned Sockey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 484. Joseph C. Sharble and Charles Hooker, petitioners, v.
Kuehnle-Wilson, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1949
149
Court of Pennsylvania denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C. 2101 (c).
No. 7. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Ostby and Barton
Company and American Associates, Inc.,
No. 8. Ostby and Barton Company and American Associates, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, and
No. 48. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Robert Baden,
Rose Baden, Albert Foss, et al.; and
No. 90. Lipe Henslee, Individually, Now Residing in Davidson
County, Tennessee, Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Ten-
nessee, petitioner, v. Union Planters Bank & Trust Company, a Na-
tional Bank at Memphis, Tennessee, et al. The motions for leave to
file petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 3. Estate of Sidney M. Spiegel, Deceased, Katherine J. Spiegel,
et al., Surviving Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 5. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Francois L. Church, Deceased, Edward E. Black, Executor;
No. 426. World Publishing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 439. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. William
Whitman Company, Inc., and
No. 440. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. William
Whitman Company, Inc.;
No. 441. American Safety Table Company, petitioner, v. Singer
Sewing Machine Company; and
No. 223, Misc. John O. Story, petitioner, v. Clarence P. Burford,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 339, Misc. Charley Darnell, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 342, Misc. Henry Wofford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 343, Misc. Richard Clark, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Lake
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 344, Misc. Robert A. Watts, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
The motion to dispense with filing of complete record with the petition
for writ of certiorari is granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1949
150
No. 561. Gladys Broadhurst, petitioner, v. State of Oregon. Time
for making service of petition for certiorari, brief, and record ex-
tended to a date which is not later than 10 days after the giving of
notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioner that the
printed record has been delivered to such Clerk.
Adjourned until Monday, February 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos. 59,
37, 118, 228, 279, 299 (300, 301, 302, 303, and 304), 330, 388
(and 389), 390, and 406.
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert N. Denham, of St. Louis, Mo.; Alexander M. Campbell, of
Fort Wayne, Ind. ; Lindsay Rogers, of New York City; Joseph Hyman
Nathanson, of Toledo, Ohio; Otto H. Spengler, of Toledo, Ohio; Wil-
liam Henry Holderness, of Greensboro, N. C.; Daniel Newton Farnell,
Jr., of Greensboro, N. C.; Glen W. Shellhaas, of Bellefontaine, Ohio;
Joseph H. Woell, of Casselton, N. Dak.; Lester Whipple, of San An-
tonio, Tex.; Franklin Jones, of Marshall, Tex.; Felix E. Larkin, of
New York City; Clay Alexis Brian, of Marshall, Tex.; Jack William
Hutson, of Royal Oak, Mich.; Maurice A. Merritt, of Royal Oak,
Mich.; Edward A. Lipton, of New York City; Bertram Schwartz, of
New York City; Morris J. Levy, of New York City; Cyril K. Richards,
of Austin, Tex.; C. W. Sellers, of Cleveland, Ohio; Dan Hadsell, of
San Francisco, Calif.; J. Ernest Wilkins, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert
Lewis Young, of Richmond, Va.; Thomas Bernard Larkin, Jr., of San
Francisco, Calif.; Lee Epstein. of New York City; Howard S. Mc-
Morris, of New York City; G. Frank Dougherty, of New York City;
F. X. Downey, of New York City; Norman J. Gundlach, of Belleville,
Ill.; Leo Ross, of Washington, D. C.; Army Seijas, of Seattle, Wash.;
and David P. Dabbs, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 14. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232,
et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.;
and
No. 15. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232,
et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.
On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin.
Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy in which Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs.
No. 184. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company; and
800009-49- -61

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
152
No. 185. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals reversed insofar as it reverses the judgment of the
District Court, and judgment of District Court in all things is rein-
stated. Cases are remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Indiana for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 297. John M. Daniel, as Attorney General of South Carolina,
et al., appellants, v. Family Security Life Insurance Company et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of South Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs and case re-
manded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 46. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stowe
Spinning Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of
Appeals reversed and case remanded to that court with direction to
remand to the Board for amendment of its order to conform to the
Board's findings and the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson dissenting in part.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice
joins.
No. 231. United States of America, ex rel. Harold E. Hirshberg,
petitioner, v. Captain William R. Cooke, Jr., United States Navy,
Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Receiving Station, Brooklyn, New
York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 118. Albert Ralph Petti, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Per curiam: The Government having moved the Court to
vacate the judgments and remand the case to the District Court for a
new trial, the motion is granted, and the judgments of the Court of
Appeals and the District Court are vacated and the case is remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York with directions to grant a new trial.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
The Chief Justice said:
153
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 442. Hannah Cohen, Executrix of the Estate of Sol Cohen,
Deceased, and David E. Cohen, Intervenor, petitioners, v. Beneficial
Industrial Loan Corporation et al.; and
No. 512. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corporation, petitioner, v.
Honorable William F. Smith, a Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey, et al. The petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in these
cases are granted.
No. 495. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
WJR, The Goodwill Station, Inc., and Coastal Plains Broadcasting
Co., Inc. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 522. Julius Ranny Ragan, petitioner, v. Merchants Transfer
& Warehouse Company, Inc. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 202, Misc. Charles Quicksall, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. The petition for appeal is denied. Treating the appeal
papers as a petition for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan, certiorari is granted and the case is ordered transferred to
the appellate docket.
No. 344, Misc. Robert A. Watts, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana is
granted and the case is ordered transferred to the appellate docket.
The stay order of January 31, 1949, is continued and it is ordered that
execution of the sentence of death be stayed pending the final disposi-
tion of this case by this Court.
No. 446. Willis Allen, Roy G. Owens, and Campaign Committee
for California Bill of Rights Initiative Constitutional Amendment,
Inc., petitioners, v. Arthur James McFadden and Frank M. Jordan,
as Secretary of State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 475. Grady Lee McHugh, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 477. Allied Paper Mills et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Gircuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
154
No. 487. Douglas Chandler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 488. Jay M. Rowland, petitioner, v. The State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 496. Samuel Kelley and Nathan Swann, petitioners, v. Judge
Branch Johnson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 505. Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Antonio
Corrado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 510. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's
Union (C. I. O.), et al., petitioners, v. Cable A Wirtz, as Judge of the
Circuit Court of the Second Judicial Circuit, Territory of Hawaii,
and Maui Agricultural Company, Limited. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 603. Santo Bretagna, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 511. Income Bondholders of the Peoria and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioners, v. The New York Central Railroad Company
et al. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York is denied.
No. 516. David Klor, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
is denied.
No. 9. Charles Kovacs, appellant, v. Albert Cooper, Jr., Judge of
the First District Police Court of Trenton;
No. 372. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Radio Condenser Com-
pany and General Instrument Corporation;
No. 460. William J. Cleary, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company;
No. 196. Misc. Samuel F. Adams, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden; and
No. 292, Misc. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate
of Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor et al.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 287, Misc. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. Mead R. Johnson.
Leave to file petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
155
No. 55, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Mike Parker,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 283, Misc. Mary LeVan, petitioner, v. O. M. Stiler et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California denied.
No. 320, Misc. Bud Lilly, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 326, Misc. Eddie DeSoto, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 346, Misc. Thomas L. Mangan, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 352, Misc. Carl Kuh, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 357, Misc. John Pitts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 361, Misc. James Kelly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois. denied.
No. 387, Misc. John M. Canada, petitioner, v. James M. Jones,
Warden of the Nebraska State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 390, Misc. Earl J. Brown, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 393, Misc. Mizell Palmer, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 218, Misc. William W. Curtis, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden. The motion of petitioner to substitute George W. Humphrey
as the party respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 277, Misc. Raymond Grant, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 353, Misc. Jefferson Kane, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 358, Misc. Ex parte Ralph W. Greene, petitioner; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1949
156
No. 383, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Superior Court of San
Joaquin County, California. Applications denied.
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Reargument commenced by Mr. Allan R. Rosenberg for
the petitioner; continued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent; by Mr.
Allan R. Rosenberg for the petitioner; and concluded by Mr. Osmond
K. Fraenkel for the petitioner.
No. 37. The United States of America, appellant, v. Women's
Sportswear Manufacturers Association et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 37, 299
(300, 301, 302, 303, and 304), 388 (and 389), 330, 228, 279,
406, 292, 427, and 255.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1949
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Edward C. First, Jr., of Harrisburg, Pa.; Thomas W. Beale, of
Louisville, Ky.; and Oliver W. Weber, of Boulder, Colo., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 37. The United States of America, appellant, v. Women's
Sportswear Manufacturers Association et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellant; by Mr. Harry Bergson for
the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellant.
No. 299. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock Com-
pany;
No. 300. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter;
No. 301. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 302. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson (a
Corporation);
No. 303. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson;
and
No. 304. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Company.
Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Boyd for the petitioner; by Mr. Edward F.
Treadwell for the respondents; and by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for
Gill et al., amici curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 388
(and 389), 330, 228, 279, 406, 292, 427, and 255.
Х
800009-49- -62

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1949
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Foster Lee Evans, of Atlanta, Ga.; Philip M. Baker, of Washington,
D. C.; Frederick W. Denniston, of Washington, D. C.; Avern B.
Scolnick, of Chicago, Ill.; and J. Fred Schneider, of Denver, Colo.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 600. Charles S. Aronstam, petitioner, v. The New York Central
Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 601. Eppler & Company, petitioner, v. The New York Central
Railroad Company et al. Time for making service of petition for
certiorari, brief, and record extended to a date which is not later than
10 days after the giving of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel
for the petitioners that the printed record has been delivered to such
Clerk.
No. 388. Welker B. Brooks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 389. James M. Brooks, Administrator of the Estate of Arthur
L. Brooks, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. W. S. Blakeney for the petitioners, and by Mr. Paul
A. Sweeney for the respondent.
No. 330. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Inter-
state Commerce Commission, the United States of America, the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, et al. Argued by Mr. Stanley M. Silver-
berg and Mr. David O. Mathews for the appellant; by Mr. Daniel W.
Knowlton for the appellee, Interstate Commerce Commission; and
by Mr. Windsor F. Cousins for the appellees, Railroad Intervenors.
No. 603. Santo Bretagna, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 228,
279, 406, 292, 427, 255, and 118.
Х
800009-49-
-63

THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1949
159
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Guy R. M. del Giudice, of New York City; Frank P. Lynch, Jr., of
Denver, Colo.; Abe Jacklan, of Newark, N. J.; and Isador Berlin, of
Newark, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 228. Nye & Nissen (a Corporation) and Abraham Moncharsh,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Joseph
B. Keenan for the petitioners and by Mr. Philip Elman for the re-
spondent. Leave granted petitioners to file reply brief within 4 days.
No. 279. Standard Oil Company of California and Standard Sta-
tions, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America. Three hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. John M.
Hall for the appellants and continued by Mr. Herbert A. Bergson for
the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 279,
406, 292, and 427.
☑
800009-49-64

FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1949
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John J. Morris, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.; Anthony R. Basile, of
Oak Park, Ill.; George S. Ryan, of Boston, Mass.; Clifford E. Sanders,
of Kingsport, Tenn.; Frank Adams, of New York City; Peter Keber,
of New York City; Mearl G. Adams, of Chicago, Ill.; John B. Howard,
of Chicago, Ill.; Charles L. Sturtevant, of Washington, D. C.; and
William Hitz, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 279. Standard Oil Company of California and Standard Sta-
tions, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America. Argument
continued by Mr. Herbert A. Bergson for the appellee and concluded
by Mr. John M. Hall for the appellants.
No. 406. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Knight. Argued by Mr. Philip R. Monahan for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert T. McCracken for the respondent.
No. 292. George Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Walter R. Hart for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Harold D. Cohen for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 292
and 427.
800009-49-65

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
161
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
R. A. Brown, Jr., of Saint Joseph, Mo.; Duncan J. McColl, Jr., of
Port Huron, Mich.; Louis D. McGregor, of Flint, Mich.; Robert C.
Giles, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; S. Harrison Kahn, of Washington,
D. C.; Harold La Verne Holland, of Dayton, Ohio; Richard T. Brews-
ter, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Nona E. Snyder, of Kansas City, Kans.;
were admitted to practice.
No. 40. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. The Texas Com-
pany; and
No. 41. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petro-
leum Company. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Oklahoma. Judgments reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result.
No. 168. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Lewis H. Saper, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Spotlight Productions, Inc.;
No. 200. State of New York, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy; and
No. 201. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Leonard H.
Carter, Trustee of Union Fabrics, Inc., Bankrupt. On writs of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments in Nos. 168 and 200 affirmed with costs and judgment in
No. 201 affirmed. The cases are remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 216. Algoma Plywood and Veneer Company, petitioner, v.
Wisconsin Employment Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Rutledge
and Mr. Justice Murphy concur in the result. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
800009-49-66

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
162
No. 91. Foley Bros., Inc., and Spencer, White & Prentis, Inc., pe-
titioners, v. Frank Paul Filardo. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, New York County. Judgment of
Court of Appeals of the State of New York reversed with costs and
case remanded to that Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson
joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 59. Carl Aldo Marzani, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit. Per curiam: Upon rehearing, the judgment en-
tered December 20, 1948, affirming the judgment by an equally divided
Court, is adhered to and reaffirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 517. J. W. Poore, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2).
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally.”
No. 563. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 506. The United States of America, ex rel. May Johnson, peti-
tioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 453. Morrison T. Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Recorder's Court
for the City of Detroit, State of Michigan, denied.
No. 502. Ira Chase Koehne and John A. Savage, petitioners, v.
W. Bruce Matthews, United States Marshal, and Curtis Reid, Resident
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
163
No. 513. Burnham Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Borax Con-
solidated, Ltd., Pacific Coast Borax Company, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 515. Horace Estol Walker, petitioner, v. Arthur T. Galt et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 518. Atlantic Freight Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
Public Utility Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 521. Margaret E. Smith and Ruth Schuchman, petitioners, v.
State of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 541. Turner County, South Dakota, petitioner, v. Floyd Miller.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 22. Vermilya-Brown Company, Inc., Necaro Company, Inc., et
al., petitioners, v. John Joseph Connell, Eugene T. Fitzpatrick, Wil-
liam L. Flanagan, et al.;
No. 45. Joe J. Fisher, petitioner, v. R. C. Pace, Sheriff of Jasper
County, Texas;
No. 244. Lionel G. Ott, Commissioner of Public Finance and Ex-
Officio City Treasurer of the City of New Orleans, et al., appellants, v.
Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, American Barge Line Com-
pany and Union Barge Line Corporation;
No. 450. Nannie Ellyson Pollard, Mary Ellyson Dowdy, Hattie
Ellyson Maddox, et al., petitioners, v. Clayton Hawfield, Frances
Gertrude Scott, Florence O. Metz, et al.;
No. 483. Dixie Cup Company, petitioner, v. Paper Container Mfg.
Company; and
No. 489. Jack L. Harris and B. T. Calhoun, Doing Business as Co-
Partners Under the Trade Name of H-C Products Company, peti-
tioners, v. National Machine Works, Inc., and Theodore C. Gerner.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 458. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Rohm and Haas Co.,
Inc.; and
No. 459. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied for the
reason that the applications were not received within the time pro-
vided by Rule 33.
No. 121, Misc. Samuel Taylor, petitioner, v. Tennyson Dennis,
Warden. The petition for rehearing in this case is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
164
No. 278, Misc. Mary Gibbons, petitioner, v. Hugo E. Brandt and
Ruth E. Brandt. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 221, Misc. William Patrick et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 294, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, Sr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 306, Misc. Homer Binkley, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 315, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pes-
cor, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 330, Misc. Roger Williams, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 340, Misc. Calvin Barnett, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 349, Misc. Edgar W. Cook, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 354, Misc. Luhemitt White, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 355, Misc. William J. Stewart, petitioner, v. L. F. Chapman,
superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 365, Misc. Clark Campbell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, United States District Court for the Western District
of Pennsylvania, and Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 367, Misc. Victor Earl Day, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 368, Misc. Harley Ray Franklin, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 370, Misc. Robert Foster, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
165
No. 371, Misc. Henry Koblitz, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 375, Misc. Walter Boreman, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 376, Misc. Robert Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. W. E. Skelton, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 386, Misc. Johnie Lee Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Lake County Criminal Court of
Indiana denied.
No. 388, Misc. Joe Brown, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 392, Misc. Climmie Mathis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Peoria
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 394, Misc. Malachi Holiday, petitioner, v. Warden of the Mary-
land State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 397, Misc. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. F. S. Wilson. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 402, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 406, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 411, Misc. Ica A. Gore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 389, Misc. Frank Badgley and Robert Oscar Brown, petition-
ers, v. State of Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 234, Misc. In the Matter of Hermann Dammann, petitioner;
No. 249, Misc. In the Matter of George Schallermair, petitioner;
No. 259, Misc. In the Matter of Max Seidel, petitioner;
No. 318, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Fridolin Puhr, petitioner; and
No. 332, Misc. In the Matter of Hans Schmidt, petitioner. Treat-
ing the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file a

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
166
petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction.
U. S. Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte Betz and
companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United States, 332
U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836 (1948); in
re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948); Everett v. Truman, 334 U. S. 824
(1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that argument should be
heard on the motions for leave to file the petitions in order to settle
what remedy, if any, the petitioners have. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 362, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. W. F. Perkins
et al. Petition for appeal denied.
No. 363, Misc. Arthur Lee Willis, petitioner, v. Dr. J. Leroy
Wright, Warden;
No. 364, Misc. Walter J. Kozdron, petitioner, v. M. E. Ketchum,
Warden;
No. 366, Misc. Monroe Peters, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana ;
No. 369, Misc. William Alexander Elliott, petitioner, v. Ralph
Howard, Warden;
No. 385, Misc. Charles Moseley, petitioner, v. State of Illinois;
No. 396, Misc. In the Matter of Ulysses Maurice Parker, petitioner;
No. 404, Misc. Leona May Cooke, petitioner, v. Doctor Winfred
Overholser;
No. 409, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Doctor Winfred
Overholser, Superintendent;
No. 410, Misc. Clarence Bertrand, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 412, Misc. In the Matter of Donald W. Ramsey, petitioner.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
severally denied.
No. 381, Misc. Gene McCann, on behalf of Himself et al., peti-
tioners, v. Tom C. Clark, Individually, et al.;
No. 395, Misc. Max A. Steinberg, petitioner, v. Honorable Judge
Julius J. Hoffman; and
No. 398, Misc. In the Matter of Bill K. Knight, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are severally
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 14, until Monday,
March 28, next.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1949
167
No. 292. George Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Harold D. Cohen for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Walter R. Hart for the petitioner.
No. 427. Frederick W. Wade, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Argued
by Mr. R. T. Brewster and Mr. N. E. Snyder for the petitioner and by
Mr. Oscar Davis for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 14, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1949
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
T. Leland Brown, of The Dalles, Oreg.; Joseph Raymond Wine, Jr.,
of Helena, Mont.; Harold Leshem, of Wilmington, Del.; William S.
Kenney, of Lowell, Mass.; George F. Gronewold, of Battle Creek,
Mich.; A. M. Larmore, of West Grove, Pa.; James L. Latchum, of
Wilmington, Del.; Joseph W. Solomon, of Detroit, Mich.; Edwin C.
Woodhouse, of Wilmington, Del.; Robert B. Dawkins, of McLean,
Va.; Rose August, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Gladys E. Friel, of Tulsa,
Okla.; Miles W. Rehor, of Bay Shore, N. Y.; Lindsay R. Henry, of
Babylon, N. Y.; and William J. Scarlett, of Kennett Square, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 83. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Margaret
R. Phipps. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result.
No. 121. Black Diamond Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 130. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cases remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 52. Ingram M. Stainback, Governor of the Territory of Hawaii,
et al., appellants, v. Mo Hock Ke Lok Po, an Eleemosynary Corpora-
tion, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Hawaii; and
No. 474. Ingram M. Stainback, Governor of the Territory of Ha-
waii, et al., petitioners, v. Mo Hock Ke Lok Po, an Eleemosynary Cor-
poration, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The appeal in No. 52 is
800009-49- -67

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1949
169
dismissed at the cost of appellants. The petition for writ of certiorari
is granted. The judgment of the United States District Court for the
District of Hawaii is reversed with costs and case remanded to that
court with directions to dismiss the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Reed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in part
and dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Rutledge joins.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list filed with the Clerk
and will not be announced orally.'
"
No. 514. County of Los Angeles, a Body Politic and Corporate, ap-
pellant, v. Southern California Telephone Company. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of California. Per curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 529. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware
in and for New Castle County et al.;
No. 530. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware in
and for New Castle County et al.; and
No. 531. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware in
and for New Castle County et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court
of Delaware. Per curiam: The appeals are dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question.
No. 535. James Rolla Thomas, for Himself and All Other Persons
Similarly Situated, appellant, v. The Daughters of Utah Pioneers, a
Non-Profit Corporation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Utah. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a properly
presented substantial federal question.
No. 560. Leslie B. Fox, appellant, v. Charles J. Fox. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of New York. Per curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 283. William H. Riley, New Hampshire Labor Commissioner,
et al., petitioners, v. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauf-
feurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, Local Union No. 633,
etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Hampshire. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. It appearing that the cause has become moot, the judgment
of the Supreme Court of New Hampshire is vacated without costs and
•

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1949
170
the cause is remanded for such proceedings as by that Court may be
deemed appropriate.
No. 547. Oscar F. Treichler, Executor of the Estate of Fred A.
Miller, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin; and
No. 570. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Southern Railway
Company. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 473. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Reginald P.
Wittek. The motion to dispense with printing the brief in opposition
to the petition is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted.
No. 523. T. M. Duche & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals denied.
No. 524. Mark Barrett Cosby, petitioner, v. David H. Harts, Flor-
ence J. Harts, and Percy B. Johnston. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 539. Sarah Allison Painter, Administratrix of the Estate of
Edwin D. Painter, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Southern Transpor-
tation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 545. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
David Hinton et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 7. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Ostby and Barton
Company and American Associates, Inc.;
No. 8. Ostby and Barton Company and American Associates, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen; and
No. 48. Thoger Gronberg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Robert Baden,
Rose Baden, Albert Foss, et al. The petition for reconsideration of
order denying leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 462. Frank C. Gierens and Nikolas J. Ferencak, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 329, Misc. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 255,
390, 416, 447, 448, 457, 464, 465, and 500.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert F. Ritchie, of Dallas, Tex.; Maurice B. Johnston, of Carlyle,
Ill.; Robert G. Estill, of East Chicago, Ind.; Joseph M. Cohen, of
New York City; John K. Weber, of San Antonio, Tex.; Charles L.
Tyler, of Pryor, Okla.; Leslie James Byrd, of San Antonio, Tex.;
Theodore D. Kahn, of Chicago, Ill.; Milton J. Donovan, of Spring-
field, Mass.; Giles Sutherland Rich, of New York City; Willard Ray
Crout, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Meyer J. Myer, of Chicago, Ill.; John G.
Adams, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Harry L. Shure, of Asbury Park,
N. J.; Leon R. Brooks, of Boston, Mass.; Lester J. Abele, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Edmund W. Sinnott, of Chicago, Ill.; Cyrus C. Perry,
of Washington, D. C.; William Cohn, of Chicago, Ill.; and Robt. E.
Shelton, of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 37. The United States of America, appellant. v. Women's
Sportswear Manufacturers Association et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson.
No. 143. Alvin Krulewitch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
| for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson concurring in the judgment and opinion of the Court in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 151. National Carbide Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 152. Air Reduction Sales Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
800009-49-68

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
172
No. 153. Pure Carbonic, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases re-
manded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 533. The Boston Railroad Holding Company and the New
York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company, appellants, v. The
Delaware and Hudson Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Judicial Court of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 551. Riley Odom, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion.
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed. See Bute v. Illinois, 333 U. S. 640. The petition for writ
of certiorari is denied.
No. 557. Cora L. Lagemann, appellant, v. Harold B. Lagemann.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Nevada. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 569. Vincenzo Iannella and Frank S. Russo, appellants, v.
Arvid Johnson, Recorder of the Township of Piscataway, New Jersey,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 581. Woodworth McLaurin, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code,
Sec. 1257 (2). The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 606. Milton J. Schnell, Individually and as a Member of the
Board of Election Registrars of Mobile County, Alabama, et al.,
appellants, v. Hunter Davis et al. Appeal from the United States.
District Court for the Southern District of Alabama. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed. Lane v. Wilson, 307 U. S. 268; Yick Wo v.
Hopkins, 118 U. S. 356. Cf. Williams v. Mississippi, 170 U. S. 213.
Mr. Justice Reed, in view of the fact that a constitutional provision of
a state is involved, presented by the Attorney General, is of the
opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set
down for argument.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
173
No. 621. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Gen-
eral Mills, Inc., and Montana Flour Mills Company. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Board of Trade v. United States, 314 U. S. 534; Virginian Ry. v.
United States, 272 U. S. 658; Central R. R. Co. v. United States, 257
U. S. 247.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 626. The United States of America, appellant, v. Morris Zis-
blatt. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
appellant.
No. 255. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to present oral argument on behalf of
Edward K. Barsky et al., as amici curiae is denied.
No. 566. Stephen J. Roth, Attorney General of the State of Michi-
gan, appellant, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller of the Currency of
the United States of America, et al. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court and of the motion to dis-
miss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 671. Samuel Titto Williams, appellant, v. The People of the
State of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is assigned for argument during the week of April 18.
No. 528. Harold Roland Christoffel, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is
granted and the case is assigned for argument during the week of
April 18.
No. 532. Standard-Vacuum Oil Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 537. Todd C. Faulkner, petitioner, v. John T. Gibbs. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 558. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Panhandle
Eastern Pipe Line Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
174
No. 565. Neroy Carter, petitioner, v. Atlanta and Saint Andrews
Bay Railway Company, a Body Corporate. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 507. City of Omaha, a Municipal Corporation, Charles W. Lee-
man, Mayor et al., petitioners, v. Frank Brothers Footwear, Inc., a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Nebraska denied.
No. 519. Birch Securities Company, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 534. The J. D. Richardson Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 536. Sidney S. Levine, as Executor Under the Last Will and
Testament of Anna M. Kane, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 538. Lee M. Friedman, petitioner, v. Denis W. Delaney, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the District of Massachusetts. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 543. Edgar J. Schoen, petitioner, v. Mountain Producers Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 546. Walter T. Dunn, petitioner, v. Vincent Y. Dallman, In-
dividually and as Collector of Internal Revenue for the 8th Collection
District of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 549. Cary R. Alburn, Trustee Under the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Charles H. Salmons, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The Union
Trust Company, East 9th Street and Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio,
et al.; and
No. 550. Cary R. Alburn, Trustee Under the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Charles H. Salmons, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The
1 National City Bank of Cleveland, etc., et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 552. Thomas J. O'Neill, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 554. Elijah Crippen, Trustee of Lone Star Air Cargo Lines,
Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. City of Dallas. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
175
No. 559. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. A.
Cimpi Express Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 564. Tucker Products Corporation, petitioner, v. George S.
Helms, Harold T. Thrash et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 582. Hazeltine Research, Inc., petitioner, v. General Motors
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 53. Clyde Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, as Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western
Railroad Company; and
No. 488. Jay M. Rowland, petitioner, v. The State of Arkansas.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 456. Charles C. Patterson, petitioner, v. J. B. Gray. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 193, Misc. Edward A. Haley, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;
No. 218, Misc. William W. Curtis, petitioner, v. George W. Hum-
phrey, Warden; and
No. 334, Misc. In the Matter of Charles E. McAdam, petitioner.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 235, Misc. Leonard Joseph Morandy, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 245, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 247, Misc. Bert Ivan Grimm, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 257, Misc. Frank Cassel, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Overholser.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 262, Misc. James McGregor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 351, Misc. James R. Kelley, petitioner, v. Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western Railroad. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
176
No. 356, Misc. David Blackwell, petitioner, v. State of Nevada.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada
denied.
No. 360, Misc. James Steele, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 399, Misc. Lawrence Janiec, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 401, Misc. Frank Smith, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 407, Misc. Clarence Blevins, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 418, Misc. Ronald C. Blauvelt, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 421, Misc. Harold L. Lawrence, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 422, Misc. Kenneth Rogers, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 479, Misc. Thomas Kallas, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 492, Misc. Erwin M. Walker, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 348, Misc. Harold H. Enfield, petitioner, v. The Biow Com-
pany, Inc., et al. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 405, Misc. Amos Dale, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden;
and
No. 423, Misc. Dan Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. Doctor Winfred
Overholser, Superintendent. The motions for leave to file petitions
for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 430, Misc. Ex parte Louisiana Farmers Protective Union, Inc.,
petitioner. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 4, until Monday,
April 18, next.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1949
177
No. 255. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. David Rein and Mr. Abraham J. Isserman for
the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respon-
dent.
No. 390. Henry M. Propper, as Receiver of the Property and As-
sets Within the State of New York of A. K. M., petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Cus-
todian. Argument commenced by Mr. A. Walter Socolow for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Louis D. Frohlich for Deems Taylor.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 390,
416, 447, 448, 457, 465, 464, and 500.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1949
178
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert Alan Green, of New York City; Samuel Feldman, of New
York City; Joseph H. Wackerman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Oscar Murov,
of Lindenhurst, N. Y.; John P. McMahon, of Columbus, Ohio; Leon
Alexander, of Lebanon, Tenn.; George Byron Wells, of Detroit,
Mich.; John C. Cain, of Dallas, Tex.; Guy M. Meadows, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; and Joseph Laufer, of Washington, D. C., were admitted.
No. 390. Henry M. Propper, as Receiver of the Property and Assets
Within the State of New York of A. K. M., petitioner v. Tom C. Clark,
Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian.
Argument continued by Mr. David Schwartz for the respondent; by
Mr. Joseph M. Cohen and Mr. A. Walter Socolow for the petitioner;
and concluded by Mr. David Schwartz for the respondent.
No. 416. The United States of America, appellant, v. Wallace &
Tiernan Company, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
appellant and by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the appellees.
No. 447. Wheeling Steel Corporation, appellant, v. C. Emory
Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argued by Mr. John M. Caren
for the appellant and by Mr. W. H. Annat for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 448,
457, 465, 464, and 500.
800009-49- -69
11

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1949
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Alexander Campbell-Murrelle II, of Houston, Tex.; Calvin A.
Brown, of Findlay, Ohio; James J. Dougherty, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Milton A. Seymour, of New York City; Phil Stone, of Oxford, Miss.;
Alfred W. Vibber, of Paterson, N. J.; and Bernard W. Mages, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 448. National Distillers Products Corporation, New York,
appellant, v. C. Emory Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argued
by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the appellant and by Mr. W. H. Annat
for the appellee.
No. 457. George W. Humphrey, Warden, United States Peniten-
tiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Bernard W. Smith.
Argued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the petitioner and by Mr.
Daniel F. Mathews for the respondent.
No. 465. J. S. Woods, petitioner, v. Interstate Realty Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. P. H. Eager, Jr., for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Phil Stone for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 465,
464, and 500.
800009-49-70

THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1949
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Elmer Newell Jones, of Atlanta, Ga.; Howard Dewey Allen, of
Atanta, Ga.; Albert J. Crawford, Jr., of Media, Pa.; John R. Graham,
of Media, Pa.; Harry Meisel, of New York City; Jawn A. Sandifer,
of New York City; and Edwin P. Kaufman, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 465. J. S. Woods, petitioner, v. Interstate Realty Company.
Argument continued by Mr. Phil Stone and Mr. John A. Osoinach
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. P. H. Eager, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 464. Clayton Mark & Company, Enameled Metals Company,
Fretz-Moon Tube Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by
Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the petitioners and by Mr. Charles H.
Weston for the respondent. Leave granted petitioners to file reply
brief within 10 days.
No. 500. The Union National Bank of Wichita, Kansas, appel-
lant, v. Carl C. Lamb. Argued by Mr. Maurice J. O'Sullivan for
the appellant and submitted by Mr. Daniel L. Brenner for the
appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, April 4, next at 12 o'clock.
Х
800009-49-71
17

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John A. Looby, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Robert L. Harrington, of
Van Wert, Ohio; Cathryn L. Harrington, of Van Wert, Ohio; David
S. Hecht, of New York City; Barnabas B. Hadfield, of New York
| City; C. Lansing Hays, Jr., of New York City; Roger C. O'Donnell,
of Covington, Ohio; Kyle F. Brooks, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Webster
Wilder, Jr., of Cherokee, Okla.; Charles L. Claunch, of Chattanooga,
Tenn.; John J. Rafferty, of New Brunswick, N. J.; Raymond F.
Body, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Julius Freyhan Seeman, of Denver,
Colo.; Foorman L. Mueller, of Chicago, Ill.; Morris Berler, of New
York City; David R. Owen, of Baltimore, Md.; Robert Frederick
Beck, of Paterson, N. J.; Edward Pryor Troxell, of Washington,
D. C.; Jacob J. Ludens, of Sterling, Ill.; John W. Manning, of Albany,
N. Y.; and James H. Meredith, of Portageville, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 267. William Farrell, petitioner, v. United States of America,
War Shipping Administration, Luckenbach Steamship Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy. and Mr.
Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 92. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. C. Chester DuMond,
Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets of the State of New York.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
Albany County. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and cause remanded to that court for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice
Murphy joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Rutledge joins.
800009-49- -72

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
182
No. 406. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Knight. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 182. Joseph Giboney, Harold Hackell, Paul Mandalia, et al.,
appellants, v. Empire Storage and Ice Company. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 65. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Acme Fast Freight, Inc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 476. Tighe E. Woods, Housing Expediter, Office of the Hous-
ing Expediter, petitioner, v. Elizabeth Ellis Durr. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam:
The motion of the Solicitor General for remand of this case is granted.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause is
remanded to that court for consideration of the effect of Section 209
of the Housing and Rent Act of 1949, approved March 30, 1949, and
the eviction regulations of the Housing Expediter issued pursuant
thereto.
No. 622. A/S J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi et al., appellants, v.
Isbrandtsen Co., Inc., The United States of America and United
States Maritime Commission. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam:
The appeal is dismissed.
No. 643. C. H. Bunn, appellant, v. State of North Carolina. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of North Carolina. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
The Chief Justice said:
183
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 17. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado; and
No. 18. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado. The motion for leave to file brief of New York Criminal
Courts Bar Association, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 42. August Klapprott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion of the respondent to modify the judgment of
this Court in this case is granted. The judgment announced January
17, 1949, reading as follows: "The judgments accordingly are reversed
and the cause is remanded to the District Court with instructions to
set aside the judgment by default and grant the petitioner a hearing
on the merits raised by the denaturalization complaint.", is amended
to read: "The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the
cause is remanded to the District Court with directions to receive evi-
dence on the truth or falsity of the allegations contained in petitioner's
petition to vacate the default judgment entered in the denaturaliza-
tion proceedings." Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge dissent from the modification
of the order.
No. 567. Harvey Stemmer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 568. David Krakower, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York granted.
No. 578. John Walter Oakley, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisville and
Nashville Railroad Company;
No. 579. John S. Haynes petitioner, v. Southern Railway System.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 400, Misc. Lee Cassell, petitioner, v. State of Texas. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas is
granted and the case is ordered transferred to the appellate docket
and placed on the summary docket.
No. 247. Railway Express Agency, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
184
No. 504. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Barron-Gray Packing Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 540. Joseph W. Bottone, petitioner, v. Henry S. Lindsley,
Benjamin C. Hilliard, Jr., Morton M. David, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 548. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, petitioner, v. The
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 555. Clark Sumner Cummings, petitioner, v. Percy Lainson,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Fort Madison, Iowa. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 556. Leona H. Bethea, Individually and as Independent Exec-
utrix of the Estate of Catherine Henke, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield,
Individually and as United States Collector of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 571. William Kober, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 572. Metropolis Theatre Company, petitioner, v. L. H. Bark-
hausen and Randolph Bohrer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 573. Chester and Delaware Counties Bartenders, Hotel and
Restaurant Employees Union, Local No. 677, A. F. L., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hardy D. Wilbank and Eleanor M. Wilbank, His Wife.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 595. Estate of Annie Preston Bassett, Deceased, by Preston.
R. Bassett, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 596. Philco Corporation, petitioner, v. F. and B. Manufac-
turing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 656. John M. Dunn and Daniel Gentile, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. The motion to dispense with print-
ing the record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York is denied.
No. 544. Rene De Meerleer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. The motion to dispense with printing petition and rec-

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
185
ord is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan is denied.
No. 458. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Rohm and Haas Co.,
Inc.; and
No. 459. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. The motions to enlarge the time to file petitions for rehearing
are denied.
No. 453. Morrison T. Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 487. Douglas Chandler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 502. Ira Chase Koehne and John A. Savage, petitioners, v.
W. Bruce Matthews, United States Marshal and Curtis Reid, Resident
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail;
No. 517. J. W. Poore, appellant, v. State of Mississippi;
No. 368, Misc. Harley Ray Franklin, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, et al.; and
No. 406, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney et al.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 271, Misc. Frank Cipullo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 341, Misc. Glenn D. Atkins, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 419, Misc. Glenn Ross Griffin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 420, Misc. Elmer Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 426, Misc. Isaac Wiseman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 428, Misc. Walter Michael, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 429, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 433, Misc. Ray F. Harris, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of San-
gamon County, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1949
186
No. 435, Misc. Albert Ciha, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 438, Misc. George Moore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 309, Misc. E. Jerome Doelle, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 427, Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 434, Misc. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 444, Misc. Kelly Moss, petitioner, v. Honorable Luther M.
Swygert, U. S. District Judge. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 445, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 547, Misc. Arthur Edward Berry, petitioner, v. State of Flor-
ida. The petition for a stay of execution of the sentence of death is
denied.
No. 618. The United States of America, petitioner, v. World Fire
and Marine Insurance Company. Motion for extension of time for
filing brief of respondent in opposition to petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 18, will be as follows: Nos.
Orig. U. S. v. Louisiana, — Orig. U. S. v. Texas, 258, 442 (and 512),
506, 522, 473, 528, 671, and 418.
-
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
187
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
A. Courtney Hayden, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Alvin Lacy Wil-
liams, of Mount Vernon, Ill.; Irving G. Mulitz, of Houston, Tex.;
Cornelius Roach, of Kansas City, Mo.; William Marvin Vance, of
Urbana, Ohio; M. Louis Abedon, of Providence, R. I.; Stephen H.
Clink, of Muskegon, Mich.; David Falk Cohen, of New York City;
Walter Pond, of New York City; John G. Mullen, of North Bend,
Oreg.; Emanuel Thebner, of New York City; Herbert C. Nelson, of
Norristown, Pa.; William H. Gage, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Arthur Gordon
Humphrey, of Chicago, Ill.; Irwin W. Coleman, of Jackson, Miss.;
Charles C. Richmond, of New York City; Herbert H. Sizemore, of
Newton, Kans.; Bowman M. MacArthur, of Washington, D. C.;
Max Solorsy, of New York City; Mordecai Cohen, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Jules Aronson, of New York City; Gilbert H. Van Note, of Spring
Lake, N. J.; and Alexander E. Lipkin, of Frackville, Pa., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 135. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred W. Jones,
Receiver for Georgia & Florida Railroad; and
No. 198. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver for Georgia & Florida Rail-
road, petitioner, v. The United States. On writs of certiorari to the
Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
Court of Claims with instructions to dismiss the case. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 298. Defense Supplies Corporation and Reconstruction Fi-
nance Corporation, petitioners, v. Lawrence Warehouse Company et
al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated with costs
to petitioners and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with direc-
tions to dismiss the appeal from the judgment of the District Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 109. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Inter-
state Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
No. 188. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.;
800009-49-73

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
188
No. 209. Memphis Light, Gas & Water Division, petitioner, v.
Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al.; and
No. 212. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v.
Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, et al. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Order of Court of Appeals of May 12, 1948, directing distribu-
tion of funds reversed and case remanded to that Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Concurring opinion of Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr.
Justice Burton joins. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black concurring in
part and dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr.
Justice Rutledge join.
No. 387. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 228. Nye & Nissen (a Corporation) and Abraham Moncharsh,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 117. Hermoine P. Rice, petitioner, v. Lillian P. Rice. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of the State of Con-
necticut. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 542. Anna M. Fountain, petitioner, v. Paul Filson and Anna F.
Filson. On petition for certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia for further proceedings in accordance with
the opinion of the Court of Appeals as modified by the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
189
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 613. Eddie J. Viator, appellant, v. A. H. Stone, Chairman,
State Tax Commission of Mississippi, et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for the reason that the judgment of the court below is based upon a
non-federal ground adequate to support it.
No. 649. Longyear Holding Company, Helen H. Bennett, C. M.
Hill Lumber Company, et al., appellants, v. State of Minnesota. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of
certiorari as required by Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 2103,
certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
No. 680. Gulfstream Park Racing Association, Inc., and Gables
Racing Association, Inc., appellants, v. Hialeah Race Course, Inc.,
and the Florida State Racing Commission. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Florida. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 593. Oliver Cleve Ryles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted. Upon
the suggestion of the Solicitor General that the judgments be vacated
and the case remanded to the District Court for new trial, and upon
consideration of the record, the judgments of the Court of Appeals
and the District Court are vacated and the case is remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma
with directions to grant a new trial.
The Chief Justice said :
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 609. Charles Quicksall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. It is ordered that Isadore Levin, Esquire, of Detroit,
Michigan, a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve
as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 42. August Klapprott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for clarification of the modified judgment is
denied. Mr. Justice Black dissents.

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
190
No. 442. Hannah Cohen, Executrix of the Estate of Sol Cohen,
Deceased, and David E. Cohen, Intervenor, petitioners, v. Beneficial
Industrial Loan Corporation et al.; and
No. 512. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corporation, petitioner, v.
Honorable William F. Smith, a Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey et al. The motions of William
B. Weinberger and Lewis M. Dabney, Jr., for leave to file briefs as
amici curiae are granted.
No. 629. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al.; and
No. 630. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 574. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Westing-
house Electric and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 633. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lillian
Spelar, as Administratrix of the Estate of Mark Spelar, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 584. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
Broadcasting Service Organization, Inc. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket and
assigned for argument on May 9, following the argument in Nos.
Orig., United States v. Louisiana and United States v. Texas, which
are also specially assigned for that day.
No. 490. Edward P. Stahel & Co., Inc., Interstate Hosiery Mills,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States; and
No. 623. The United States, petitioner, v. Edward P. Stahel and
Co., Inc., Interstate Hosiery Mills, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs.
of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 576. Stinson Canning Company, American Surety Company,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 577. McEvoy Company, petitioner, v. Ben F. Kelley and Wil-
liam L. Kelley, d/b/a Ben F. Kelley Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 586. Daniel G. Marshall, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia, a Public Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 587. The City of Crystal Lake, an Illinois Municipal Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. National Yeast Corporation, Formerly National

A
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
191
Grain Yeast Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 588. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. Eva Mae Spears and George
A. Sutton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 589. Northern Illinois Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-
west-Radiant Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 611. Z. E. Eagleston, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 612. LeRoy. J. Leishman, petitioner, v. The Richards and
Conover Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 615. Fernand C. A. Adda, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 616. Allan Rutledge, Jr., Carlton E. Stevens, Kenyon W. Kantz,
et al., petitioners, v. United Services Life Insurance Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 632. New Orleans Shipwrecking Corporation, petitioner, v.
William W. Smith et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 644. Ruan Transport Corporation and William D. Hawley,
petitioners, v. Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 562. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie DuBan, Individually and
as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. DuBan, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Deposit Insurance Corporation. The motion of petitioners to
defer consideration is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 590. South Carolina Public Service Authority, petitioner, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commonwealth and
Southern Corporation; and
No. 591. South Carolina Public Service Authority, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission and South Carolina Electric and Gas
Company. The petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 627. Marie Frances Tillman, petitioner, v. Grace Tillman.
The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. The peti-

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
192
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit is denied.
No. 650. Printing Specialties and Paper Converters Union, Local
388, A. F. L., and Walter J. Turner, petitioners, v. Howard F. Le-
Baron, Regional Director of the 21st Region of the National Labor
Relations Board, etc. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioners.
No. 513. Burnham Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Borax Con-
solidated, Ltd., Pacific Coast Borax Company, et al.;
No. 529. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware in
and for New Castle County et al.,
No. 530. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware in
and for New Castle County et al., and
No. 531. Standard Oil Company, a Corporation of the State of
Indiana, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the State of Delaware
in and for New Castle County et al.;
No. 554. Elijah Crippen, Trustee of Lone Star Air Cargo Lines,
Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. City of Dallas;
No. 306, Misc., October Term, 1947. John Harry McGough, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 294, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, Sr., petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 303, Misc. Geo. E. Dunkle, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois;
No. 315, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J.
Pescor, Warden; and
No. 410, Misc. Clarence Bertrand, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 301, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Westinghouse
Electric & Manufacturing Co. et al. The motion for leave to file pe-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 350, Misc. Mabel Blair, petitioner, v. John O. Coen. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 391, Misc. David F. Coker, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Rail-
road Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.
No. 403, Misc. William M. Fries, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1949
193
No. 413, Misc. Jake Bird, petitioner, v. State of Washington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 442, Misc. Frank Bonino, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York denied.
No. 443, Misc. Donald Earl Lundy, petitioner, v. Warden, State
Prison of Southern Michigan. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan is denied. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 431, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. General Electric
Company et al.; and
No. 447, Misc. Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Ap-
plications denied.
No. 441, Misc. Norvell M. Bickford, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 559, Misc. Russell G. Bird, petitioner, v. Louis A. Johnson,
Secretary of Defense. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 446, Misc. Richard Sweet, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ment in case No. 610, and that the Court will then take a recess until
Monday, May 2, next.
No. 442. Hannah Cohen, Executrix of the Estate of Sol Cohen,
Deceased, and David E. Cohen, Intervenor, petitioners, v. Beneficial
Industrial Loan Corporation et al.; and
No. 512. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corporation, petitioner, v.
Honorable William F. Smith, a Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey et al. Argued by Mr. Philip
B. Kurland and Mr. Charles Hershenstein for Hannah Cohen, Execu-
trix et al., and by Mr. John M. Harlan for Beneficial Industrial Loan
Corporation.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos. 258,
506, 522, 528, 473, 671, 418, 558, 495, and 567 (and 568).
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1949
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John C. Cox, of Memphis, Tenn.; Earl Matthew Friesenecker, of
Chicago, Ill.; Donald Stowe Leecraft, of Durant, Okla.; William K.
Jackson, of Chicago, Ill.; W. Breckinridge DeRiemer, of Chicago,
Ill.; James Eugene Fair Gammon, of Alexandria, Va.; and Henry F.
Lippitt 2nd, of San Diego, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 258. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Pitts-
burgh Steamship Company. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
petitioner and by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for the respondent.
No. 506. The United States of America, ex rel. May Johnson,
petitioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, District Director of Immigration
and Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc. Argument
commenced by Mr. Gunther Jacobson for the petitioner and continued
by Miss Patricia H. Collins for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 20, will be as follows: Nos.
506, 522, 528, 473, 671, 418, 558, 495, 567 (and 568), and 610.
Х
800009-49-
-74

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1949
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
William S. Ramsey, of Landisville, Pa.; Miles F. McDonald, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Albert Heath Sheaffer, Jr., of Lancaster, Pa.;
Charles A. Weaver, of Billings, Mont.; Cornelius J. Petzhold, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; and Douglas Gleason, of Ottawa, Kans., were
admitted to practice.
No. 506. The United States of America, ex rel. May Johnson, peti-
tioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc. Edward J.
Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Immigration and Naturali-
zation, substituted as party respondent, per stipulation of counsel, on
motion of Mr. Gunther Jacobson for the petitioner.
No. 506. The United States of America, ex rel. May Johnson, peti-
tioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc.
Argument concluded by Mr. Gunther Jacobson for the petitioner.
No. 522. Julius Ranny Ragan, petitioner, v. Merchants Transfer
& Warehouse Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Cornelius Roach for the
petitioner and by Mr. Douglas Hudson for the respondent.
No. 528. Harold Roland Christoffel, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. O. John Rogge for the petitioner
and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Campbell for the respondent.
No. 473. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Reginald P.
Wittek. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Vanech for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 21, will be as follows: Nos. 473,
671, 418, 558, 495, 567 (and 568), and 610.
800009-49-75

THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1949
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Charles H. Earl, of Little Rock, Ark.; Karl W. Johnson, of Upper
Darby, Pa.; Maurice Francis Doyle, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert
P. Patterson, of New York City; Harry Francis Murphy, of Kansas
City, Mo.; John F. Taylor, of Snyder, Okla.; and James Emmett
McManamon, of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 473. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Reginald
P. Wittek. Argument continued by Mr. Ward B. McCarthy for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Vanech
for the petitioner.
No. 671. Samuel Titto Williams, appellant, v. The People of the
State of New York. Argued by Mr. John F. Finerty for the appel-
lant and by Mr. Solomon Klein for the appellee.
No. 418. Edward Gibbs, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Argument
commenced by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiedner for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Karl W. Johnson for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 418,
558, 495, 567 (and 568), and 610.
☑
800009-49- -76

FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1949
197
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
James E. Gallagher, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Sylvain D. Leipsic,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles W. Manning, of New York City;
Clark Hodgson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Edward P. Loughran, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; and Gerald Ronon, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted
to practice.
No. 418. Edward Gibbs, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, East-
ern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Karl W. Johnson for the respondent.
No. 558. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Panhandle
Eastern Pipe Line Company et al. Argued by Mr. Bradford Ross for
the petitioner and by Mr. Robert P. Patterson and Mr. Jeff A. Rob-
ertson for the respondents.
No. 495. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
WJR, The Goodwill Station, Inc., and Coastal Plains Broadcasting
Co., Inc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Louis G. Caldwell for the respondents.
No. 567. Harvey Stemmer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 568. David Krakower, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Argument commenced by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, April 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 567
(and 568) and 610.
Х
800009-49-77

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
William Safirstein, of Newark, N. J.; Thomas F. Flynn, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Thomas F. Flynn, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.; Harry Berke,
of Chattanooga, Tenn.; W. Corry Smith, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Robert Edward Lee Culpepper, Jr., of Camilla, Ga.; Joseph H.
Wright, of Chicago, Ill.; Vern E. Garten, of Long Beach, Calif.; Jul-
ian F. Russell, of Detroit, Mich.; George T. McInnis, of Port Huron,
Mich.; John W. Foster, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert Mitten, of Chicago,
Ill.; Robert L. Carter, of New York City; Thomas Sherwood Mac-
Kinlay, of Chicago, Ill.; John McPherson Vincent Diggins, of Ches-
ter, Pa.; Clyde Harold Slease, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Samuel Rowe, of
New York City; Allan H. Fish, of San Francisco, Calif.; John Eugene
Comerford, of Atlanta, Ga.; Henry J. Richardson, Jr., of Indianap-
olis, Ind.; Isadore Waks, of Paterson, N. J.; Benjamin B. Schneider,
of Chicago, Ill.; Robert W. Fulwider, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Mary
H. Donlon, of New York City; Anthony De Sanctis, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Elmer J. Tone, of Park Ridge, Ill.; John Davis Kerr, of Spartans-
burg, S. C.; Joe Albert Brown, of Hartshorne, Okla.; George P.
Monaghan, of New York City; J. Frank Cunningham, of Dallas,
Tex.; W. A. Combs, of Houston, Tex.; Loretta Smith, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Arthur W. Manley, of St. Louis, Mo.; Raymond J. McGrover,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Robert S. Feldman, of Benton Harbor, Mich.;
Earle B. Anderson, of West Hartford, Conn.; and Allen H. Tibbals,
of Salt Lake City, Utah, were admitted to practice.
No. 355. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. Berl
B. Zook and Wilmer K. Craig. On writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Department of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County,
State of California. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the said Appellate Department of the Superior Court for proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
800009-49-78

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
199
No. 417. Baxter Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit. Order of Court of Appeals dis-
missing appeal vacated and case remanded to that court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy in which Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 427. Frederick W. Wade, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Kansas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 457. George W. Humphrey, Warden, United States Peniten-
tiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Bernard W. Smith. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in
which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 464. Clayton Mark & Company, Enameled Metals Company,
Fretz-Moon Tube Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally
divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 631. Walter E. Allen, appellant, v. M. Lucille Allen. Appeal
from and on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file statement as
to jurisdiction is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). The petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 664. Paul Verdier, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the
State of California, in and for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, et al. Appeal from the District Court of Appeals, 1st Appel-
late District, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
200
No. 669. The Big Slough Drainage District of Sedgwick County,
Kansas, et al., appellants, v. The Board of County Commissioners of
Sedgwick County, Kansas, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Kansas. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 690. Vern Smith, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Superior Court in and for the County
of Alameda, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 698. Harold Anderson, appellant, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Appeal from the Circuit Court of Berrien County,
State of Michigan. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 599. Louis Mitchell, Ralph Lipscomb, Jack Crowley, et al.,
petitioners, v. White Consolidated, Incorporated. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
judgment of the Court of Appeals dismissing the appeal is vacated
and the cause remanded to it to determine, pursuant to Rule 86 (b)
of the Rules of Civil Procedure, whether the application of amended
Rule 73 (a) to this particular action would work injustice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 575. Secretary of Agriculture, petitioner, v. Central Roig Re-
fining Company, Western Sugar Refining Company, et al.; and
No. 580. Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., petitioner, v.
Central Roig Refining Company and Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit are granted and the cases are
consolidated for argument.
No. 585. The Government of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Sec-
retary of Agriculture, Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit is granted. The case is transferred to
the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing Nos. 575 and 580.
No. 617. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Aetna Cas-
ualty and Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
201
No. 618. The United States of America, petitioner, v. World Fire
and Marine Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 619. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Yorkshire
Insurance Company; and
No. 620. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Home
Insurance Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and cases transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 435. Inland Steel Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 594. Riordan J. A. Roett, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 597. Shepard Niles Crane and Hoist Corporation, petitioner,
v. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Divi-
sion, United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 602. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Michele
Daddona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 608. Capital Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 635. West Virginia Northern Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Margaret R. Riley, Administratrix of the Estate of Henry C. Riley,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 636. West Virginia Northern Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. George Pritt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 637. Robert Stueber and James M. Stueber, petitioners, v.
Admiral Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 639. Estate of Mortimer B. Fuller, Deceased, Kathryn S.
Fuller, et al., Executors, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 645. Universal Atlas Cement Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
202
No. 658. Helene S. Cohn, petitioner, v. Morris B. Cohn and Dora
A. Cohn, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 661. Atwell Building Corporation, petitioner, v. Sound, Inc.,
and Fred Donenberg, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 665. John W. Hill, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Associa-
tion of St. Louis, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 40. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. The Texas Com-
pany; and
No. 41. Oklahoma Tax Commission, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petro-
leum Company. The motion to enlarge the time to file petition for
rehearing is granted. The request of counsel for the respondent in
No. 41 to adopt the petition for rehearing in No. 40 is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied. In view of its contents, however,
it may be added to what was said in the Court's opinion, 336 U. S.
342, that, as with all other questions of state law involved in the case,
see id. at n. 44, insofar as the law of Oklahoma may permit the ap-
plication of its taxing statutes only prospectively, nothing in this
Court's opinion or decision forbids the Supreme Court of Oklahoma
to apply that law to the taxes involved in this case. Cf. Great North-
ern R. Co. v. Sunburst Co., 287 U. S. 358, 364.
No. 262, Misc. James McGregor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 306, Misc. Homer Binkley, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. - Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Louisiana; and
No., Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Texas. The motion of Annie C. and Agnes E. Lewis for
leave to intervene is denied.
No. 4, Misc. Howard Lang, petitioner, v. Elmer Michael Walsh,
Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois is dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 473, Misc. George F. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 475, Misc. Jack Smith, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1949
203
No. 481, Misc. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 448, Misc. Albert Woodrow Rash, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard,
Warden; and
No. 474, Misc. Dominic Touche, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson, as
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 567. Harvey Stemmer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 568. David Krakower, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Argument continued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel
for petitioner, Harvey Stemmer; by Mr. Harry G. Anderson for
petitioner, David Krakower; by Mr. Whitman Knapp for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for petitioner,
Harvey Stemmer.
No. 610. Robert A. Watts, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Argued
by Mr. Franklin H. Williams and Mr. Thurgood Marshall for the
petitioner and by Mr. Frank E. Coughlin for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John E. Gorsuch, of Denver, Colo.; Wayne N. Aspinall, of Palisade,
Colo.; Philip Blacklow, of Boston, Mass.; Joseph M. Schwartz, of
New York City; Edwin C. Brown, of Alexandria, Va.; Vernon J.
Veron, of Portland, Oreg.; Nathan H. David, of Boston, Mass.; Leroy
H. McKinney, of Washington, D. C.; Abraham L. Zwerdling, of
Detroit, Mich.; Kent D. Algire, of Washington, D. C.; Walter E.
Maloney, of New York City; Brooks Thomas, of El Paso, Tex.; Ed-
ward J. Calhoun, of Arlington, Va.; Louis Wallisch, Jr., of Passaic,
N. J.; Harry Lott, of New Rochelle, N. Y.; John H. Crooker, Jr., of
Houston, Tex.; John Lambert Osmer, of New York City; and David
Hartfield, Jr., of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 416. The United States of America, appellant, v. Wallace &
Tiernan Company, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Rhode Island. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 640. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Fred Urbu-
teit, Claimant of 16 Articles of Device, More or Less, Labeled "Sinuo
thermic", etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is granted. Judgment of February 1, 1949, reversed and cause
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 567. Harvey Stemmer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 568. David Krakower, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided
Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of these cases.
No. 728. Midwest Haulers, Inc., Mutual Trucking Company, et al.,
appellants, v. C. Emory Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal
800009-49-
_ 79

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
205
from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title
28, United States Code, sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon.
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by Title 28, United States Code, sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 579. John S. Haynes, petitioner, v. Southern Railway System.
The motion to correct the record by changing the name of the
respondent, now set forth as Southern Railway System, to read
Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway Company, is
granted.
No. 624. The United States petitioner, v. The Toronto, Hamilton
and Buffalo Navigation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 652. Richard J. Brown, petitioner, v. Western Railway of Ala-
bama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Georgia granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Helen W. Benedict and
Frank B. Smith, as Trustees, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 733. The United States of America, ex rel. Ellen Knauff, pe-
titioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immigration
and Naturalization. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
.No. 265, Misc. Harley F. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois, is granted and the case ordered
transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 408, Misc. John Hughes and Louis Richardson, petitioners, v.
Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County
of Contra Costa. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California is granted and the case ordered transferred to the
appellate docket.
No. 600. Charles S. Aronstam, petitioner, v. The New York Cen-
tral Railroad Company et al.; and

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
206
No. 601. Eppler & Company, petitioner, v. The New York Central
Railroad Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
denied.
No. 605. J. C. Anderegg, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 634. Warren A. Doll, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Meyer. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 638. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Gilmer S. Morris. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 642. Edward H. Phillips and Emma E. Phillips, his Wife,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank A. Saunders and Edith M. Saunders, his
Wife, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 647. A. B. Momand, petitioner, v. Universal Film Exchanges,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 651. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Oliver Ray
Toups, Individually and as Next Friend of Helena Estelle Toups, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 657. Jerome M. Ney, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 660. A. N. Spanel, petitioner, v. Dr. Boris Berkman and Dr.
Sophia Berkman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 666. Brooklyn and Richmond Ferry Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 684. Eula Wolfe, Nee Perry, Salina Scott, Lena McLane, now
Clark, et al., petitioners, v. Oren Phillips and Janie Phillips, his Wife,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 598. Frederic Henry, petitioner, v. General Courtney N.
Hodges, Commanding General, First Army, Fort Jay, New York.
The motion to substitute Lt. General Walter Bedell Smith as the
party respondent herein is granted. The motion to dispense with
printing the court martial record is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
207
No. 607. Robert S. Becker, petitioner, v. Major General Robert M.
Webster, Commanding Officer at Fort Slocum, New York. The
motion to dispense with printing the petition, brief, and record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 646. Russell Crawford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. The motion to
dispense with printing the petition, brief, and record is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
is denied.
No. 653. William Haskell Brown, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas, and the
United States of America. The motion to dispense with printing
the record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied.
No. 707. John Horace Correll, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. The motion to dispense with printing the petition is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina is denied.
No. 14. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al., and
No. 15. International Union, U. A. W., A. F. of L., Local 232, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.;
No. 510. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's
Union (CIO), et al., petitioners, v. Cable A. Wirtz, as Judge of the
Circuit Court of the Second Judicial Circuit, Territory of Hawaii,
and Maui Agricultural Company, Limited;
No. 557. Cora L. Lagemann, appellant, v. Harold B. Lagemann;
No. 643. C. H. Bunn, appellant, v. State of North Carolina; and
No. 360, Misc. James Steele, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 218, Misc. William W. Curtis, petitioner, v. George W. Hum-
phrey, Warden. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 30, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Tony Marino,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winnebago County, State of Illi-
nois, is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 276, Mise. Arthur C. McLaren, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
208
No. 304, Misc. Arthur C. McLaren, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 439, Misc. Herman Frederick Weber, petitioner, v. State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 472, Misc. Edward Morgan MacKenna, petitioner, v. People
of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 488, Misc. Camile A. Tabet and George Voalk, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 539, Misc. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Cricuit denied.
No. 543, Misc. Daniel Bardell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 544, Misc. Frank Wrona, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 548, Misc. Henry Foreman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 549, Misc. John Bongiorno, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 588, Misc. Emil W. K. Beckman, petitioner, v. Robert J. Bar-
rett, Major and Superintendent of Police. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 452, Misc. In the Matter of Alois Muhlbauer, petitioner;
No. 455, Misc. In the Matter of Wilhelm List, petitioner;
No. 456, Misc. In the Matter of Lothor Rendulic, petitioner;
No. 457, Misc. In the Matter of Walter Kuntze, petitioner;
No. 458, Misc. In the Matter of Hellmuth Felmy, petitioner;
No. 459, Misc. In the Matter of Hubert Lanz, petitioner;
No. 460, Misc. In the Matter of Ernst Dehner, petitioner;
No. 461, Misc. In the Matter of Ernst Leyser, petitioner;
No. 462, Misc. In the Matter of Wilhelm Speidel, petitioner;
No. 463, Misc. In the Matter of Wilhelm Von Ammon, petitioner;
No. 464, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Guenther Joel, petitioner;
No. 465, Misc. In the Matter of Herbert Klemm, petitioner;

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
209
No. 466, Misc. In the Matter of Ernst Lautz, petitioner;
No. 467, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Wolfgang Mettgenberg, peti-
tioner;
No. 468, Misc. In the Matter of Rudolf Oeschey, petitioner;
No. 469, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Oswald Rothaug, petitioner;
No. 470, Misc. In the Matter of Kurt Rothenberger, petitioner;
No. 471, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Franz Schlegelberger, peti-
tioner;
No. 493, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Hans Bobermin, petitioner;
No. 494, Misc. In the Matter of Franz Eirenschmalz, petitioner;
No. 495, Misc. In the Matter of August Frank, petitioner;
No. 496, Misc. In the Matter of Heinz Karl Fanslau, petitioner ;
No. 497, Misc. In the Matter of Hans Hohberg, petitioner;
No. 498, Misc. In the Matter of George Loerner, petitioner;
No. 499, Misc. In the Matter of Hans Loerner, petitioner;
No. 500, Misc. In the Matter of Karl Mummenthey, petitioner ;
No. 501, Misc. In the Matter of Oswald Pohl, petitioner;
No. 502, Misc. In the Matter of Karl Sommer, petitioner;
No. 503, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Leo Volk, petitioner;
No. 504, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Hans Hohberg, petitioner;
No. 505, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Hermann Pook, petitioner;
No. 506, Misc. In the Matter of Karl Sommer, petitioner;
No. 507, Misc. In the Matter of Oswald Pohl et al., petitioners;
No. 508, Misc. In the Matter of Heinz Brueckner, petitioner;
No. 509, Misc. In the Matter of Rudolf Creutz, petitioner;
No. 510, Misc. In the Matter of Otto Hofmann, petitioner;
No. 511, Misc. In the Matter of Herbert Huebner, petitioner;
No. 512, Misc. In the Matter of Werner Lorenz, petitioner;
No. 513, Misc. In the Matter of Fritz Schwalm, petitioner;
No. 514, Misc. In the Matter of Ernst Biberstein, petitioner;
No. 515, Misc. In the Matter of Paul Blobel, petitioner;
No. 516, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Walter Blume, petitioner;
No. 517, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Werner Braune, petitioner;
No. 518, Misc. In the Matter of Walter Haensch, petitioner;
No. 519, Misc. In the Matter of Heinz Jost, petitioner;
No. 520, Misc. In the Matter of Woldemar Klingelhoefer, peti-
tioner;
No. 521, Misc. In the Matter of Erich Naumann, petitioner;
No. 522, Misc. In the Matter of Willy Seibert, petitioner;
No. 523, Misc. In the Matter of Heinz Schubert, petitioner;
No. 524, Misc. In the Matter of Eugen Steimle, petitioner;
No. 525, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Eduard Strauch, petitioner;
No. 526, Misc. In the Matter of Waldemar Von Radetzky, peti-
tioner;

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1949
210
No. 527, Misc. In the Matter of Dr. Franz Six, petitioner;
No. 528, Misc. In the Matter of Adolf Ott, petitioner;
No. 529, Misc. In the Matter of Otto Ohlendorf, petitioner;
No. 530, Misc. In the Matter of Martin Sandberger, petitioner ;
No. 531, Misc. In the Matter of Waldemar Von Radetzky, peti-
tioner; and
No. 532, Misc. In the Matter of Hermann Hoth, petitioner. Treat-
ing the application in each of these cases as a motion for leave to file
a petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdic-
tion. U. S. Constitution, Article III, Sec. 2, Clause 2; see Ex parte
Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United
States, 332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836
(1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948); Everett v. Truman, 334
U. S. 824 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that argu-
ment should be heard on the motions for leave to file the petitions in
order to settle what remedy, if any, the petitioners have. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 534, Misc. George Wilson, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma;
and
No. 541, Misc. John Fritz, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 483, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 9, next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 9, will be as follows: Nos.
U. S. v. Louisiana, - Orig., U. S. v. Texas, and 584.
☑
-
Orig.,

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1949
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Raymond S. Tompkins, of Baltimore, Md.; Walter H. Brummund,
of Appleton, Wis.; Frank H. Conry, of Denver, Colo.; Theodore J.
Himmelberg, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Paul Fred Ahlers, of Des
Moines, Iowa; Matthew J. Levitt, of Minneapolis, Minn.; William H.
Young, Jr., of Columbus, Ga.; R. O. Norris, of Lively, Va.; Gordon
Lewis, of Tappahannock, Va.; David W. Kendall, of Jackson, Mich.;
Alfred P. Kelley, of Portland, Oreg.; John Henry Lewis, of Hoising-
ton, Kans.; Earl Carlisle Moore, of Wichita, Kans.; Ernest W. Mc-
Farland, of Florence, Ariz.; James A. Walsh, of Phoenix, Ariz.;
Thomas L. Hall, of Nogales, Ariz.; Thomas A. Gaffney, of New York
City; John B. Ward, of Russellville, Ark.; John A. Ryan, of Easton,
Pa.; George Hamilton Bowen, of Tulsa, Okla.; Andrew E. Carlsen,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Norman P. Seagrave, of Alexandria, Va.;
Simon M. Seley, of Newark, N. J.; Harold L. Moskowitz, of Monti-
cello, N. Y.; James L. Dougherty, of Washington, D. C.; J. Kenneth
Baird, of Chicago, Ill.; George B. Stoner, of Washington, D. C.;
James W. Considine, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Newton Reid, of
Washington, D. C.; Walter Hopkins Young, of Zanesville, Ohio;
Christian B. Peper, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Dudley H. Digges, of Silver
Spring, Md.; Narvin B. Weaver, of Arlington, Va.; Austin G. Roe,
of Bethesda, Md.; Robert K. Thurber, of Bethesda, Md.; J. Chrys
Dougherty, of Austin, Tex.; Ralph F. Staubly, Jr., of Silver Spring,
Md.; Francis C. Nash, of Washington, D. C.; Irving E. Tarson, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Marianne Bell McConnaughey, of Chevy Chase, Md.;
John Kennedy Lynch, Jr., of Bethesda, Md.; Lester I. Bowman, of
Petersburg, Va.; Elbert Erskine Blakely, of Washington, D. C.; and
Willis Edward Topper, of Greensburg, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 506. The United States of America, ex rel. May Johnson, pe-
titioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York for entry
of an order affording petitioner a proper hearing and medical exami-
800009-49-80

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1949
212
nation before the appropriate public health authorities as indicated
in the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Chief Justice Vinson
and Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 733. The United States of America, ex rel. Ellen Knauff, pe-
titioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immigration
and Naturalization. The motion of petitioner to substitute Edward
J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Immigration and Nat-
uralization, as the party respondent is granted.
No. 628. Commerce Company, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Frank Bailey et al., petitioners, v. Edward O. Proctor
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 677. Fred P. Weissman, an Individual d/b/a Fred P. Weiss-
man Company, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 678. Fred P. Weissman Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 739. W. B. Doak et al., petitioners, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. In the Matter of Arthur Curtis Antrim Bush, pe-
titioner. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied without prejudice to the right to apply to any appro-
priate court that may have jurisdiction.
No. 597, Misc. In the Matter of the Federal Security Adminis-
trator and the Attorney General, petitioners. The motion for leave
to file petition for writs of prohibition and/or mandamus is granted.
A rule is ordered to issue, returnable on Monday, May 16, requiring
the respondents to show cause why the petition for writs of prohibi-
tion and/or mandamus should not be granted and the cause is assigned.
for argument on that day. The motion of Mytinger and Cassel-
berry, Inc. for leave to intervene is granted.

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1949
213
No. 457. George W. Humphrey, Warden, United States Peni-
tentiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, petitioner v. Bernard W. Smith.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and
including May 24, next, on motion of counsel for the respondent.
The Court will take a recess upon the conclusion of the argument in
the cases specially assigned for today until Monday, May 16, next.
No., Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. Argued on the motion to file complaint and
objections thereto by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the plain-
tiff, and by Mr. F. Trowbridge Vom Bauer and Mr. L. H. Perez for the
defendant.
No. -, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. Argued on the motion to file complaint and objec-
tions thereto by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the plaintiff, and
by Mr. Price Daniel for the defendant.
No. 584. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
Broadcasting Service Organization, Inc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor
General Perlman for the petitioner and by Mr. Walter M. Bastian for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 16, will be as follows: No. 597,
Misc.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Paul Carroll Wolman, of Baltimore, Md.; George M. Bryant, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; P. L. Smith, of Antoine, Ark.; George W. Mc-
Burney, of Florence, Ala.; Philip H. Ward, of Sterling, Ill.; Mark
H. Johnson, of New York City; Hilary Earl Cox, of Houston, Tex.;
Charles W. Trueheart, of San Antonio, Tex.; Albert J. Shults, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Leroy A. Wright II, of San Diego, Calif.; Levy
Anderson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harry R. Horrow, of San Francisco,
Calif.; John K. Ruckelshaus, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Lucien L. Dun-
bar, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Theodore Tannenwald, Jr., of New York
City; and Samuel E. Ziegler, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 388. Welker B. Brooks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 389. James M. Brooks, Administrator of the Estate of Arthur
L. Brooks, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded
to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 272. Arthur Terminiello, petitioner, v. City of Chicago. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to said Supreme Court.
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Burton joins.
No. 500. The Union National Bank of Wichita, Kansas, appellant,
v. Carl C. Lamb. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri. Appeal dismissed and, treating the appeal papers as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is granted. The judgment
800009-49-81

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
215
is reversed with costs and case remanded to said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 670. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Phil-
adelphia Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court
of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to that court with di-
rections to dismiss the petition for review as moot, on joint motion of
counsel for the parties.
No. 679. James A. Kennedy, appellant, v. Ralph H. Walker,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Errors of Connecticut. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Hurtado v. California, 110 U. S. 516; Adamson v. California, 332
U. S. 46. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge dissent.
No. 584. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
Broadcasting Service Organization, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per curiam:
The judgment is reversed. Federal Communications Commission v.
WOKO, 329 U. S. 223.
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No. 14, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. The motions for leave to file complaints are granted
and process is ordered to issue returnable on or before September 1,
next. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of these applications.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 692. Leo Cassell, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. It is or-
dered that Chris Dixie, Esquire, of Houston, Texas, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 760. Harley F. Smith petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. It is ordered that Herbert
A. Friedlich, Esquire, of Chicago, Ill., be appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
216
The
No. 185. Graver Tank & Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Linde Air Products Company. The petition for rehearing is granted,
limited to the question of infringement of Claims 18, 20, 22, and 23 of
the Jones et al. patent. The Court desires argument as to the appli-
cability of the doctrine of equivalents to the findings of fact in this
case.
No. 583. Louis A. Reilly, as Postmaster of the City of Newark in
the County of Essex and State of New Jersey, petitioner, v. Joseph J.
Pinkus, Trading as American Aids Company, Also Known as Energy
Food Center. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 561. Gladys Broadhurst, petitioner, v. State of Oregon. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 592. Arthur Russell Howell, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 625. The United States, petitioner, v. Hazel L. Fauber, Ad-
ministratrix, C. T. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 673. Anthony Scocozza, an Infant, by Ermino Scocozza, his
Guardian ad litem and Ermino Scocozza, petitioners, v. Erie Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 681. Dinah Shaw, a Stockholder of Celanese Corporation of
America, etc., petitioner, v. Damille Dreyfus and Celanese Corpora-
tion of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 682. Mather and Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 683. George W. Hartmann, petitioner, v. The American News
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 686. Warren W. Dunnell, petitioner, v. Safeway Stores, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 687. Metropolitan Trust Co., as Conservator for Stanley O.
Lawrence, an Incompetent Person, petitioner, v. The Muter Company
and Leslie F. Muter; and
No. 688. Metropolitan Trust Co., as Conservator for Stanley O.
Lawrence, an Incompetent Person, petitioner, v. The Muter Company
and Leslie F. Muter. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
217
No. 702. Harbor Towing Corporation, petitioner, v. Luke R.
Parker, Owner of the M/V "Ruth Conway” and Swift and Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 714. Gerald F. Updike, Mrs. Grace Pearl Updike, Leon W.
Updike, et al., petitioners, v. Ivan M. West, J. C. Dunlap, P. N.
Nacheff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 741. The Republic of the United States of Brazil, Trading
Under the Name and Style of Lloyd Brasileiro, petitioner, v. General
Foods Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 526. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 527. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. The motions to use the certified records in Nos. 368 and 369,
October Term, 1946, are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Claims are denied.
No. 648. Earnest DeWar, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. The motion to dis-
pense with printing the record is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied.
No. 406, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney et al.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 413, Misc. Jake Bird, petitioner, v. State of Washington; and
No. 447, Misc. Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner, v. State of Texas. The
petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 432, Misc. David L. Loughran, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 436, Misc. Henry A. Culver et al., petitioners, v. The Carter
Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 454, Misc. Louis Martinez, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, First Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 480, Misc. R. W. Agnew, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 490, Misc. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
218
No. 537, Misc. Max Philip Couture, petitioner, v. Tom Smith,
Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 550, Misc. John Elmo Morant, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 554, Misc. Barney Franklin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 560, Misc. Leslie George Wakat, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 565, Misc. Bennet Twitty, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 566, Misc. Grady Crowley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 567, Misc. Stephen G. Reeves, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Iro-
quois County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 568, Misc. Andrew Scott, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 569, Misc. Walter Michael, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 571, Misc. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 572, Misc. Luther Terry, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 573, Misc. Frank Gambony, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 575, Misc. Frank Dzan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 577, Misc. Jesse Hamilton, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Saline
County and the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 449, Misc. Harry Elmer Merrill, petitioner, v. Tom Smith,
Superintendent;

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
219
No. 536, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden;
No. 538, Misc. John M. Canada, petitioner, v. James M. Jones,
Warden;
No. 545, Misc. Howard Morse, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden;
No. 556, Misc. Barney Fredricksen, petitioner, v. James M. Jones,
Warden; and
No. 579, Misc. Dan Williams, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Supt. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 437, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 453, Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California; and
No. 487, Misc. In the Matter of Sylvester Ellsworth Stinson, peti-
tioner. Applications denied.
No. 551, Misc. Tyree Holloway, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, At-
torney General. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus is denied.
No. 610, Misc. In the Matter of Electric Power & Light Corpora-
tion, Electric Bond & Share Company. The petitions for a stay are
denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations. Dissenting memorandum by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Tuesday, May 31,
from that day until Monday, June 6, from that day until Monday,
June 13, and from that day until Monday, June 20, upon which day
it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered. No motions,
except motions for admission to practice, will be received after the
session next before the date fixed for adjournment of the term.
No. 597, Misc. In the Matter of Federal Security Administrator
and the Attorney General, petitioners. Argued on the petition and
return to the rule to show cause by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the peti-
tioners, by Mr. Walter M. Bastian for the respondents, and by Mr.
Charles S. Rhyne for the Intervenor, Mytinger and Casselberry, Inc.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1949
220
No. 597, Misc. In the Matter of Federal Security Administrator
and the Attorney General, petitioners. On petition for writs of pro-
hibition and/or mandamus. Per curiam: The rule to show cause is
discharged and the petition for writs of prohibition and/or mandamus
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
Adjourned until Tuesday, May 31, next, at 12 o'clock.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Emmett Ray Feighner, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Arthur F. Callahan, of
Washington, D. C.; Jerry T. Batts, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Edward
Stanley Sanders, of San Antonio, Tex.; John T. Lindsey, of Port
Arthur, Tex.; David G. Kling, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Louis A.
Bowman, of Chicago, Ill.; Albert Langeluttig, of Chicago, Ill.; Morris
A. Shenker, of St. Louis, Mo.; Carl Edmunds Sheldon, of Sterling, Ill. ;
Joseph R. Shaughnessy, of New York City; Herbert A. Finneson,
of New York City; Winfield K. Denton, of Evansville, Ind.; Gerard F.
Treanor, of Boston, Mass.; Charles J. Klyde, of New York City; W. F.
Morris, of Anadarko, Okla.; Howard J. Lowry, of Arlington, Va.;
William H. West, Jr., of New York City; Harold L. Schilz, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Martin Merson, of New York City; Samuel M. Reiter,
of New York City; Joseph Hilton Fisher, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Theodore J. Rodgers, of Detroit, Mich.; Clarence F. Rothenburg, of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph H. Ehlers. of Washington, D. C.; John C.
Poole, of Washington, D. C.; Dudley G. Skinker, of Washington,
D. C.; Henry S. Snyder, of Washington, D. C.; Walter D. Newrath, of
Washington, D. C.; J. Edwin Fleming, of Dallas, Tex.; J. Gregory
Donohue, of Pueblo, Colo.; and John F. McCarthy, of Chicago, Ill.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 253. The United States, petitioner, v. Penn Foundry and
Manufacturing Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to Court of Claims
with direction to enter judgment in favor of the United States.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice
Jackson concur in the reversal and dissent from the order to enter
judgment in favor of the United States. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 197. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cromp-
ton-Highland Mills, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for action consistent with the
800009-49 -82

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
222
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join in part I
of the opinion, but think the Board's order should be enforced with-
out modification.
No. 129. William T. Urie, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee
of the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the said Supreme Court with instruc-
tions to reinstate the judgment on the verdict for petitioner. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter con-
curring in part in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, and
Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 327. Empresa Siderurgica, S. A., a Corporation of Colombia,
South America, et al.. appellants, v. County of Merced, a Municipal
Corporation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 24. Frank Hynes, Regional Director, Fish and Wildlife Serv-
ice, Department of the Interior, petitioner. v. Grimes Packing Co.,
Kadiak Fisheries Company, Libby, McNeill & Libby, et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Decrees of District Court and the Court of Appeals vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California with directions and proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Mr. Justice Douglas joins in
part I of Mr. Justice Rutledge's opinion.
No. 292. George Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 206, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Collett, petitioner. On motion for
leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition. Motion
for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition denied.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurring in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 233, Misc. Jessie A. Kilpatrick, petitioner, v. The Texas & Pa-
cific Railway Co. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus or certiorari. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
223
mandamus or certiorari denied. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in the result. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 269, Misc. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Na-
tional City Lines, Inc., et al. On motion for leave to file petition for
writ of certiorari. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari denied. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 754. State of Texas, State of Louisiana, Railroad Commission
of Texas, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Western District of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 785. San Diego Electric Railway Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Equalization of the State of California. Appeal from the
District Court of Appeal, Third Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 694. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al. The petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted limited
to the question of the construction of section 8 (3) of the National
Labor Relations Act of 1935 in relation to this case.
No. 709. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, Tom C. Clark, The Attorney General of the United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 729. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Vernon M. Dorsey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 654. Albert Schiappi, petitioner, v. West Virginia Liquor Con-
trol Commission, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
224
No. 655. The United States of America. ex rel. Anna Dorfler,
George Dorfler, Christian Ehmann et al., petitioners, v. W. Frank
Watkins, as District Director of Immigration and Naturalization of
the United States for the District of New York, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 662. John Bundte and William Phillips, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal, Third Appellate District, State of
California, denied.
No. 663. Robert Moore, Richard McCoard, George Sherrad, and
Joe Pimentel, petitioners, v. The People of the State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, Third
Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 693. Whiting Stoker Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Stoker
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 695. Warehouse Union Local 6, International Longshoremen's
and Warehouse Union (CIO), petitioner. v. The National Labor Rela-
tions Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 697. Ira S. Mason et al., petitioners, v. The Texas Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 699. Josephine G. Braun, petitioner, v. Morris W. Taub and
Marie A. Taub. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 700. Victor J. Veatch, petitioner, v. William Borthwick, Tax
Commissioner of the Territory of Hawaii. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 704. Anthony Linquata, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 705. C. D. Shepherd et al., petitioners, v. Obie Fauster Hunter
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 706. Court Square Building, Inc., petitioner, v. The City of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 710. R. C. Glover et al., Trustees Under the Will of Sarah E.
Carrier, Deceased, petitioners, v. J. W. Maloney, Collector of Internal
Revenue for the District of Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
225
No. 715. B. B. B. Construction Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Aetna Casualty and Surety Company; and
No. 716. B. B. B. Construction Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Aetna Casualty and Surety Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 717. Hamilton Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 719. Lawrence E. Kelly, Administrator of the Estate of H. M.
Kelly, Deceased, and Mollie Kelly, petitioners, v. The Shamrock Oil
and Gas Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 720. Ed Thys and Albert K. Miller, Co-Partners Doing Busi-
ness as Thys and Miller, petitioners, v. The State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 721. Harry Francis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 722. John W. Frank et al., petitioners, v. Wilson and Co., Inc.;
and
No. 723. John W. Frank et al., petitioners, v. Wilson and Co., Inc.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 726. Ruby Jean Grannis and The Branch Banking and Trust
Company, Fayetteville, North Carolina, et al., petitioners v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 730. Maggie F. Anderson, petitioner, v. W. P. Bowers, Indi-
vidually and as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of
South Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 731. Hugh Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 732. George M. Bechtel, Executor of the Will of Martha R.
Bechtel, et al., petitioners, v. Ila Fay Thatcher et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 738. Charles H. Denny et ux., Dorothy Mae Denny, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 745. Richmond Screw Anchor Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Lawrence
H. Umbach et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
226
No. 764. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. M/V "John A.
Brown," Oriental Trade and Transport Company, Ltd. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 807. Ewell Lee Danielly, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California and the Supreme Court of the State of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 275. Jessie A. Kilpatrick, petitioner, v. The Texas and Pacific
Railway Company:
No. 276. L. M. Parker, petitioner, v. The Texas and Pacific Rail-
way Company;
No. 119, Misc. Ex parte Jessie A. Kilpatrick, petitioner; and
No. 120, Misc. Ex parte L. M. Parker, petitioner. In Nos. 275 and
276, the petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit is denied. In Nos. 119 Misc. and 120 Misc., the
motion for leave to file petition for writs of prohibition is denied.
No. 696. Dawn L. Allen, petitioner, v. William Stanley Litsinger
and Elizabeth Knapp Litsinger. The motion to dispense with print-
ing the record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia is denied.
-.
No. 708. Ib Chr Sonnesen, petitioner, v. Panama Transport Com-
pany. The motion for leave to file brief of Friends of Andrew Furu-
seth Legislative Association as amicus curiae is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York is denied.
No. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States. The mo-
tion for an extension of time within which to file petition for a writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins in denying this
motion because the Court is without jurisdiction over the person of the
petitioner.
No. 135. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred W. Jones, Re-
ceiver for Georgia & Florida Railroad; and
No. 198. Alfred W. Jones, Receiver for Georgia & Florida Rail-
road, petitioner, v. The United States. The petition for rehearing is
denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 162. Excel Auto Radiator Company, petitioner, v. The Bishop
and Babcock Manufacturing Company. The motion for leave to file
a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 355. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. Berl
B. Zook and Wilmer K. Craig. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
-
F1
N

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
227
No. 458. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Rohm and Haas Co.,
Inc. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 567. Harvey Stemmer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 568. David Krakower, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 649. Longyear Holding Company, Helen H. Bennett, C. M.
Hill Lumber Company, et al., appellants, v. State of Minnesota. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 298. Defense Supplies Corporation and Reconstruction Fi-
nance Corporation, petitioners, v. Lawrence Warehouse Company
et al.;
No. 417. Baxter Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 427. Frederick W. Wade, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas;
No. 542. Anna M. Fountain, petitioner, v. Paul Filson and Anna
F. Filson;
No. 30, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Tony Marino,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden; and
No. 483, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 338, Misc. George B. Gann, Jr., petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 380, Misc. William Richard Williams, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 482, Misc. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 485, Misc. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and
Paper Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 563, Misc. Henry Keye, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1949
228
No. 589, Misc. In the Matter of Agnes E. Lewis et al., petitioners.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
is denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus
and prohibition is also denied.
No. 585, Misc. In the Matter of Charles M. Abernathy, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 587, Misc. In the Matter of Eugen Steimle, petitioner. Treat-
ing the application in this case as a motion for leave to file a petition
for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied. The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr.
Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of jurisdiction.
United States Constitution, article III, section 2, clause 2; see Ex parte
Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946); Milch v. United
States, 332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States, 333 U. S. 836
(1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948); Everett v. Truman, 334
U. S. 824 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that argument
should be heard on the motion for leave to file the petition in order to
settle what remedy, if any, the petitioner has. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 591, Misc. Edwin Tompsett, petitioner, v. State of Ohio et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 592, Misc. In the Matter of Harry Joseph Ryan, petitioner.
Application denied.
No. 648. Earnest DeWar, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Time within which
to file petition for rehearing extended to and including June 7, next,
on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 828. James Zarichny, petitioner, v. State Board of Agriculture
et al. Time for making service of petition for certiorari, brief, and
record extended to a date which is not later than 10 days after the giv-
ing of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioner
that the printed record has been delivered to such Clerk, on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, June 6, next, at 12 o'clock.

THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1949
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 655, Misc. Willie McGee, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi.
Petition for stay of execution of sentence of death denied.
☑
800009-49--83
1

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Jack O. Johnson, of Belle Glade, Fla.; Samuel Pinn, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C.; L. B. Cramer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John F. Clagett,
of University Park, Md.; Douglas G. Mode, of Midland, Mich.; Henry
P. Onrich, of Detroit, Mich.; Warren Price, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Charles I. Longacre, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Henry T. Dykman, of
Stamford, Conn.; George F. Dillemuth, of New York City; John D.
Noble, Jr., of Miami, Fla.; Evan L. Krogue, of Arlington, Va.; Olven
McCammon Bowe, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Hampton R. Kenaston, of
Sioux City, Iowa; William C. Levy, of New York City; Michael J.
DeSantis, of New York City; William D. Mitchell, of Washington,
D. C.; George H. Windsor, of Greensboro, N. C.; Abraham Kopald,
of Highland Falls, N. Y.; Maurice J. Walsh, of Chicago, Ill.; Ernest
W. Brackett, of Utica, N. Y.; Stephen J. McMahon, Jr., of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Samuel Rosenthal, of Hartford, Conn.; Edward T. Man-
cuso, of San Francisco, Calif.; Kenneth Mitchell Johnson, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Louis L. Rochmes, of Washington, D. C.; and
Charles F. Luce, of Walla Walla, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 495. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. WJR,
The Goodwill Station, Inc., and Coastal Plains Broadcasting Co., Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 396. City of Morgantown, West Virginia, a Municipal Corpo-
ration, petitioner, v. Royal Insurance Company, Limited. On writ of
certiorari of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the United.
States District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Burton concurs in
the judgment of the Court. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr..
Justice Rutledge concurs.
800009-49– -84

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
231
No. 671. Samuel Titto Williams, appellant, v. The People of the
State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 50. Jack O'Lee Young, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Randolph County, State of Illinois. Order deny-
ing petition for writ of habeas corpus vacated and case remanded to
the Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, for consideration of
the present applicability of habeas corpus in the light of the Illinois
Supreme Court's "announcement” in People v. Loftus, 400 Ill. 432 and
other relevant Illinois decisions; and
No. 47, Misc. Charles Evans, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
St. Clair County, State of Illinois;
No. 106, Misc. Ivan Willis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 109, Misc. Ferdinand Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 184, Misc. Willie Lewis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 372, Misc. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 374, Misc. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois; and
No. 265, Misc. Harley F. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. (Transferred to the appellate docket as No. 760 upon the
granting of petition for certiorari May 2, 1949.) On writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illinois. The petitions
for writs of certiorari in Nos. 47, Misc., 106, Misc., 109, Misc., 184,
Misc., 372, Misc., and 374, Misc., are granted. The orders denying
petitions for writs of habeas corpus are vacated and causes remanded
for consideration of the present applicability of habeas corpus in the
light of the Illinois Supreme Court's "announcement" in People v.
Loftus, and other relevant Illinois decisions. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson..

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
232
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 786. Sydney A. Taber, appellant, v. State Board of Registra-
tion and Examination in Dentistry of New Jersey. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 805. Mary V. Doles, appellant, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of
certiorari as required by Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 2103, cer-
tiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 806. George W. Solesbee, appellant, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden of the State Penitentiary, Tattnall, Georgia. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted.
No. 486. Alexander Boyd, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan granted.
No. 713. Pete Darr, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden, Okla-
homa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 742. Manufacturers Trust Company, as Trustee Under an In-
denture Made By The Debtor Under Date of September 27, 1933, and
Individually, petitioner, v. Regine Becker et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 746. Roy Creel et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Defense Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 751. Reo Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 744. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
I. Connelly and Bertha Connelly. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
233
No. 672. Markos Vlavianos et al., petitioners, v. S. S. Cypress and
Maryland Drydock Company et al.; and
No. 752. The Maryland Drydock Company, petitioner, v. Markos
Vlavianos et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 674. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. James
Dean, George Cicic, Alfred J. Wayne, et al.; and
No. 753. James Dean, George Cicic, Alfred J. Wayne, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Waterman Steamship Corporation. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 701. Gerald F. Cobleigh and Slawsby Real Estate Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing Expediter, Office of the Hous-
ing Expediter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 724. Kohinoor Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 727. Ely A. Todorow and Leonard A. Potolski, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 734. David Rae Peterson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 735. Peter Niznik, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
and
No. 736. Raymond Comodor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 737. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. A. P. Reynolds, E. H.
Mellor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 740. Anna M. Tibbals and John J. Spriggs, petitioners, v. Mica
Mountain Mines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 747. Standard Brands, Incorporated, and Campbell Soup
Company, Successor Thereto and Intervening Plaintiff, petitioners, v.
Eastern Shore Canning Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 765. The Grayson Shops, Incorporated (of California), Name
Changed to Grayson-Robinson Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Herbert D.
Stone. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 598. Frederic Henry, petitioner, v. Lt. General Walter Bedell
Smith, Commanding General, First Army, Fort Jay, New York; and

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
234
No. 612. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. The Richards and Con-
over Company. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 638. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Gilmer S. Morris. The motion of American Train Dispatchers
for leave to file brief as amicus curiae is granted. The petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 480, Misc. R. W. Agnew, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California; and
No. 539, Misc. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman
et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 305, Misc. J. B. Chadwick, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 378, Misc. Brainard C. Butler, petitioner, v. Donald C. Clem-
mer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 478, Misc. John C. Todd, petitioner, v. Phyllis C. Todd. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 489, Misc. Maude Pridgen Butler, petitioner, v. S. A. Penix,
Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 558, Misc. Kathryn B. Cohen, petitioner, v. James E. (Bill)
Decker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 562, Misc. Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 564, Misc. Chester L. Mohler, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Supt.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 580, Misc. James Albert D'Ostroph, petitioner, v. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 593, Misc. Joseph Binskowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 594, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 595, Misc. John W. Adams, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden.. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1949
235
No. 603, Misc. Jesse Cantoo, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Rock
Island County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 624, Misc. Cuono Messina, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 535, Misc. Esther J. Sauerwine, petitioner, v. The New York,
Chicago, and St. Louis Railroad Co. The motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writs of certiorari, prohibition or mandamus is denied.
No. 570, Misc. William Mezick, petitioner, v. J. Leroy Wright,
Warden;
No. 602, Misc. Albert Volkmann, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 604, Misc. James Hall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden;
and
No. 617, Misc. George Foley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 253. The United States, petitioner, v. Penn Foundry and
Manufacturing Company, Inc. Time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to and including July 1, next, on motion of counsel
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, June 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
236
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William Otis Morris, Jr., of Champaign, Ill.; Edwin H. Lewis, of
Portland, Oreg.; Gordon E. Tappan, of Chicago, Ill.; John E. Walker,
of Lansing, Ill.; Edwin P. Fifielski, of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur Max-
well Morris, of Denver, Colo.; William L. Dawson, of Chicago, Ill.;
Barratt O'Hara, of Chicago, Ill.; Martin Gorski, of Chicago, Ill.;
Sidney Richard Yates, of Chicago, Ill.; W. Eugene King, of Houston,
Tex.; Alexander A. Mayper, of New York City; R. Arthur Jett, of
Norfolk, Va.; William R. Hunter, of Winchester, Ind.; Paul J. Buck-
ley, of Dayton, Ohio; Malcolm W. Martin, of St. Louis, Mo.; Philip
B. Heller, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas A. Kennedy, of Chicago, Ill.;
Thomas G. Andrew, of Baltimore, Md.; Talbot W. Banks, of Balti-
more, Md.; Robert Emmett Brooks, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Louis C.
Capelle, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Andrew O. Haefner, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Joseph J. Lyman, of Washington, D. C.; J. A. Amis, Jr., of
Emory, Tex.; Hyman D. Lehrich, of New York City; Tom K. Eplen,
of Abilene, Tex.; Hugh Gwynn Postles, of Arlington, Va.; Franklin
B. Stevens, of Duluth, Minn.; Augustus M. Henry, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
John Henry Schneider, of Troy, N. Y.; David Cramer, of Litchfield,
Conn.; Gerald J. Greeve, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John T. Mitchell, of
Louisville, Ky.; O. F. Jones, Jr., of Waco, Tex.; A. Leckie Cox, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas Searing Jackson, of Washington, D. C.;
Samuel W. Leib, of Detroit, Mich.; Ralph H. Schaller, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Robert J. Silberstein, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph A.
Maun, of St. Paul, Minn.; David S. Smith, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and Jeanette Rod, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 473. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Reginald P.
Wittek. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings con-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 84. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Pelham
G. Wodehouse. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
800009-49-85

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
237
manded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings consist-
ent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 132. The United States, petitioner, v. Richard S. Cors. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Claims for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice
Burton join.
No. 223. Joy Oil Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson in
which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 279. Standard Oil Company of California and Standard Sta-
tions, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Califor-
nia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson and Mr. Justice Burton join. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 26. The United States, petitioner, v. Kansas City Life Insur-
ance Company. This case is ordered restored to the docket for rear-
gument.
No. 299. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock
Company;
No. 300. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter ;
No. 301. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 302. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson (a
Corporation);
No. 303. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson;
and
No. 304. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Com-
pany.
These cases are ordered restored to the docket for reargument
and assigned for hearing immediately following case No. 26.
No. 121. Black Diamond Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Robert
Stewart & Sons, Ltd., et al. The motion of respondents to retax costs

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
238
is granted. It is ordered that the mandate be recalled and the judg-
ment amended so as to provide for an equal division of the costs be-
tween petitioner and the respondents.
No. 404. Arthur Osman, David Livingston, Jack Paley, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board. The motion for an order
noting probable jurisdiction and setting the case for argument is
denied.
No. 552, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. The United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. This
case is assigned for hearing on the motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus.
No. 802. Travelers Health Association and R. E. Pratt, as Treas-
urer Thereof, and in his Personal Capacity, appellants, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia, at the Relation of State Corporation Commission.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 711. Helen Parker, Ione Lane Wheeler, Katherine Gates, et al.,
petitioners, v. County of Los Angeles et al.; and
No. 712. Julia Learner Steiner, petitioner, v. County of Los An-
geles et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California, granted.
No. 743. Sarah O'Donnell, Administratrix of the Estate of William
O'Donnell, Deceased, petitioner, v. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 762. Roy Cole and Louis Jones, petitioners, v. State of Arkan-
sas. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas is granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 685. Pete Mahoney, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 689. Charles C. Carlson, petitioner, v. Federal Communica-
tions Commission and Louise C. Carlson. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 750. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 766. The Travelers Fire Insurance Company, New York Un-
derwriters Insurance Company, et al., petitioners, v. Ranney-Davis

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
239
Mercantile Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 776. Lyman P. Rhodes, Jr., petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Mercury Press, Inc., petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 777. John W. Snyder, petitioner, v. The United States. The
motion to dispense with printing the petition and record is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is denied.
No. 803. The United States of America, petitioner, v. 25.406 Acres
of Land, More or Less, Situate in Arlington County, State of Vir-
ginia, and A. M. Nevius, et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. The petition for rehearing is denied. The objec-
tions to the granting of leave to file the complaint are overruled and
the State of Louisiana is directed to answer the allegations of the
complaint within the time specified in the subpoena, otherwise the
plaintiff may proceed ex parte. Rule 6, par. 2 and 3. Mr. Jackson
Jackson took no part in the consideration or disposition of the petition
for rehearing.
No. 500. The Union National Bank of Wichita, Kansas, petitioner,
v. Carl C. Lamb. The petition for rehearing and alternative request
for modification of the opinion are denied.
No. 679. James A. Kennedy, appellant, v. Ralph H. Walker,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison. The motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 268. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 272. Arthur Terminiello, petitioner, v. City of Chicago;
No. 457. George W. Humphrey, Warden, United States Peniten-
tiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Bernard W. Smith;
No. 647. A. B. Momand, petitioner, v. Universal Film Exchanges,
Inc., et al.;
No. 648. Earnest DeWar, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas;
No. 379, Misc. In the Matter of Arthur Curtis Antrim Bush, peti-
tioner;
No. 490, Misc. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
240
No. 560, Misc. Leslie George Wakat, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 415, Misc. Benjamin Rockower, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the Second Circuit denied.
No. 416, Misc. Vincent James Grimaldi, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 417, Misc. Frank Whelan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 425, Misc. Donald E. Hasson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 440, Misc. Langburn A. Wilde, petitioner, v. State of Louisi-
ana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 486, Misc. William McAffee, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 557, Misc. John Glazewski, Jr., petitioner, v. John D. Penning-
ton, Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 576, Misc. L. A. Nicholson, Adm'r, et al., petitioners, v. Guy A.
Thompson, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 583, Misc. James Darden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 584, Misc. Raymond Beckham Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Will County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 600, Misc. Merlin James Smith, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 608, Misc. Howard E. Mackey, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 609, Misc. Ronald C. Blauvelt, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
241
No. 613, Misc. Raymond Beckham Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Peoria County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 618, Misc. Lawrence C. Winn, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 620, Misc. Frank R. Nottebaum, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
State Prison Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 622, Misc. Richard Goodman, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swen-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 625, Misc. George Blake, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 632, Misc. Clifton B. Fisher, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 636, Misc. Calvin R. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 638, Misc. Marvin O'Malley, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 644, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Saint
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 582, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey;
No. 601, Misc. In the Matter of Fred C. Gruetter, petitioner;
No. 606, Misc. George H. Gibson, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden;
No. 607, Misc. W. H. Roberts, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden; and
No. 619, Misc. Luther C. Joyner, petitioner, v. J. Leroy Wright,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are severally denied.
No. 598, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin et al., petitioners, v. The Den-
ver Publishing Company et al.; and
No. 615, Misc. William J. Smith, petitioner, v. Major General Ed-
ward F. Witsell. Applications denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1949
242
No. 614, Misc. Robert Lee Lemmons, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for certiorari is denied.
No. 633, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. E. Marvin Under-
wood, District Judge; and
No. 637, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Western District of Missouri. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 20, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
243
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Ross O'Donoghue, of Washington, D. C.; Robert M. Scott, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; James R. Sharp, of Washington, D. C.; Daniel L.
O'Connor, of Washington, D. C.; John J. O'Leary, of Chevy Chase,
Md.; Stafford R. Grady, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; C. Frank Reifsny-
der, of Washington, D. C.; Ralph J. Luttrell, of Alexandria, Va.;
Morris A. Epstein, of Toledo, Ohio; Wm. S. McKinley, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Thomas H. Casey, of New York City; Ray S. Donaldson,
of Washington, Ind.; Eugene R. Warren, of Little Rock, Ark.; Means
Johnston, of Greenwood, Miss.; Jamie L. Whitten, of Charleston,
Miss.; Bruce T. Bullion, of Little Rock, Ark.; W. G. Dinning, Jr., of
Helena, Ark.; Francis Coleman Rosenberger, of Alexandria, Va.;
Alton B. Chapman, of Floydada, Tex.; James Harrison Leathers, of
Decatur, Ga.; Ralph E. Gault, of Flint, Mich.; Earl T. Wagner, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; Martin M. Cooney, of Dubuque, Iowa; LeRoy M.
Harff, of Alexandria, Va.; Clyde C. Colwell, of Chicago, Ill.; David
Newell Conn, of Sparta, Ill.; Wareing T. Miller, of West Palm Beach,
Fla.; Charles Walker, of Washington, D. C.; Noah Goldstein, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Timothy V. A. Dillon, of Washington, D. C.; Eman-
uel Targum, of New York City; Milford F. Schwartz, of Washington,
D. C.; Roger S. Calnan, of Washington, D. C.; Simon F. Carpino, of
Steubenville, Ohio; James J. Shanley, of Washington, D. C.; Eman-
uel R. Posnack, of New York City; L. Keith Smith, of Jay, Okla.;
Louis E. Yavner, of New York City; Ned McDaniel, of Austin, Tex.;
Brockman Horne, of Houston, Tex.; William E. Miller, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Stephen Ailes, of Washington, D. C.; Harry L. Schein, of
New York City; Francis J. Roche, of Cambridge, Mass.; David H.
Stuart, of Belmont, Mass.; Edward J. Hickey, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Cyrus V. Anderson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; John L. Stoughton, of
Detroit, Mich.; Arthur Christopher, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Ge-
rard C. Smith, of New York City; Kevin McInerney, of New York
City; Louis Charles Kaplan, of Washington, D. C.; J. W. Curran, of
New Haven, Conn.; Herman E. Cooper, of New York City; H. How-
ard Ostrin, of New York City; Nathan Asimow, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Samuel Landau, of Honolulu, T. H.; and Willard A. Weiss,
of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
800009-49- -86

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
244
No. 258. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Pitts-
burgh Steamship Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson reserves opinion as to the sufficiency
of the evidence under the Wagner Act in view of the Court's determi-
nation to return the case to the Court of Appeals.
No. 287. Interstate Oil Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Mississippi. Judgment affirmed with costs. Mr.
Justice Rutledge announced the judgment of the Court and an opinion
in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton concurring in the judg-
ment. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson
join.
No. 442. Hannah Cohen, Executrix of the Estate of Sol Cohen,
Deceased, and David E. Cohen, Intervenor, petitioners, v. Beneficial
Industrial Loan Corporation et al.; and
No. 512. Beneficial Industrial Loan Corporation, petitioner, v.
Honorable William F. Smith, a Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey, et al. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment in No. 442 affirmed with costs and the case is remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Writ of
certiorari in No. 512 dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part in which Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter concurs. Opinion announced by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 447. Wheeling Steel Corporation, appellant, v. C. Emory
Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 448. National Distillers Products Corporation, New York,
appellant, v. C. Emory Glander, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgments reversed
with costs and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio for pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black concurs. Opinion announced by Mr. Justice
Black. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 29. National Mutual Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia, petitioner, v. Tidewater Transfer Company, Incorporated,
a corporation of the State of Virginia. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
245
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Maryland for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Mr. Justice Jackson an-
nounced the judgment of the Court and an opinion in which Mr. Jus-
tice Black and Mr. Justice Burton join. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurring in the judgment in which Mr. Justice Murphy
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr.
Justice Reed concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson
in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 522. Julius Ranny Ragan, petitioner, v. Merchants Transfer
& Warehouse Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 465. J. S. Woods, petitioner, v. Interstate Realty Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Missis-
sippi for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson in which Mr. Justice Rutledge and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 333. Aeronautical Industrial District Lodge 727, an Unincor-
porated Association, petitioner, v. James L. Campbell et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment reversed without costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs
in the result.
No. 390. Henry M. Propper, as Receiver of the Property and As-
sets within the State of New York of A. K. M., petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Custo-
dian. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Chief Justice Vinson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Jackson. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter dis-
senting in part.
No. 558. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Panhandle
Eastern Pipe Line Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
246
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Delaware. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Doug-
las and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 330. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Inter-
state Commerce Commission, the United States of America, the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the said District Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 4. Donald Loftus, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam:
Certiorari was granted in this case, 333 U. S. 831, because of peti-
tioner's serious claim that he was denied the assistance of counsel
under circumstances which constitute a disregard of the safeguards
to which he was entitled under the Due Process Clause of the Four-
teenth Amendment. After hearing argument, we continued the
cause to enable the Supreme Court of Illinois to advise us whether its
affirmance of petitioner's conviction was intended to rest on an ade-
quate independent State ground or whether decision of the claim
under the Fourteenth Amendment was necessary to its judgment
inasmuch as it was urged on behalf of Illinois that the constitutional
claim was not properly before the Illinois Supreme Court on writ of
error, but must be pursued in Illinois by habeas corpus. That Court's
response in People v. Loftus, 400 Illinois 432, makes it clear that its
judgment rested upon an independent State ground. The writ of
certiorari heretofore granted is therefore dismissed.
No. 102, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The order denying the petition for habeas
corpus is vacated and the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, for consideration of the petition in the
light of the opinions of the Supreme Court of Illinois in People v.
Loftus, 400 Ill. 432; People v. Shoffner, 400 Ill. 174; and People v.
Wilson, 399 Ill. 437. See Young v. Ragen, — U. S. —, No. 50, October
Term, 1948, decided June 6, 1949.
-

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
247
No. 847. Gulfstream Park Racing Association, Inc., appellant, v.
Robert L. Weed, Architect, Inc., a Florida Corporation. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Florida. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 789. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. East Ohio Gas
Company et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 801. Wilmette Park District, petitioner, v. Nigel D. Campbell,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 659. Kaname Fujino, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 725. Clarence Milton Calhoun, Alvis Earl Lanham, and J. B.
Russell, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 756. Estate of Theodore F. McManus, Deceased, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 757. Great Northern Railway Company and Minneapolis, St.
Paul and Sault Ste Marie Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Paul F.
Lehman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Minnesota denied.
No. 758. Frank Sgambati, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 759. Samuel Roth, Doing Business of Psychic Research Press,
etc., petitioner, v. Albert Goldman, Individually and as Postmaster at
New York City. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 772. William D. Noland, Trustee, and William D. Noland,
Personal, petitioner, v. Harry C. Westover, Collector, United States
Treasury Department, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 774. The Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
248
No. 775. Matson Navigation Company, petitioner, v. War Damage
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 778. John Joseph Kan, petitioner, v. Ernest Tsang. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 780. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Smoot Sand & Gravel
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 782. Charles C. Lockard, Ray Myre, W. E. Robertson, et al.,
petitioners, v. City of Los Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 788. Estella Latta, Jones M. Griffin, and Alvin Chambers, pe-
titioners, v. Western Investment Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 790. Sales Affiliates, Inc., petitioner, v. National Mineral Com-
pany, Now, By Change of Name, Helene Curtis Industries, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 791. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, For the Use of M. C. Schaefer, an Individual Doing
Business as Concrete Construction Company, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 792. International Harvester Company, petitioner, v. Nellie
Irene Troutman, Administratrix of the Estate of Phillip A. Trout-
man, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 794. The Union Trust Company of Indianapolis, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 813. Henry Plough, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company;
No. 814. Marjorie A. Hanson, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Gordon M. Hanson, Deceased, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company;
No. 815. Elmer Van Slyke, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company; and
No. 816. Caroline Lynch, as Administratrix of the Estate of Myron
George Lynch, Deceased, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 819. Ray S. Berger, Doing Business as Berger Sales Company,
petitioner, v. Charles Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture, Suing on

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
249
Behalf of the United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 826. Irene B. Whetstone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 830. Constantino Vincent Riccardi, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 691. Peter Petersen and Clara Belle Petersen, Husband and
Wife, and George D. Patrick, petitioners, v. Christ's Church of the
Golden Rule, etc., et al. The motion for leave to withdraw the appear-
ance of Howard B. Crittenden, Jr., as counsel for the petitioners is
denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit is also denied.
No. 748. George F. Zimmermann, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 832. Julius Hall Lyons, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit is denied.
No. 867. The United States of America, ex rel. Paul Emil Oswald
Schirrmeister, petitioner, v. W. F. Watkins, District Director, Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, etc. The motion to dispense with
printing the petition and record is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the
time provided by law. Title 28, United States Code, sec. 2101 (c).
No. 197. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Crompton-
Highland Mills, Inc. The petition for rehearing in this case is denied.
No. 690. Vern Smith, appellant, v. The People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 719. Lawrence E. Kelly, Administrator of the Estate of H. M.
Kelly, Deceased, and Mollie Kelly, petitioners, v. The Shamrock Oil
and Gas Corporation. The motion for an extension of time within
which to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for re-
hearing is denied.
No. 720. Ed Thys and Albert K. Miller, Co-Partners Doing Busi-
ness as Thys and Miller, petitioners v. The State of Washington;
No. 721. Harry Francis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
250
No. 338, Misc. George B. Gann, Jr., petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden;
No. 472, Misc. Edward Morgan MacKenna, petitioner, v. People
of the State of New York; and
No. 580, Misc. James Albert D'Ostroph, petitioner, v. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The petitions for
rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 550, Misc. John Elmo Morant, petitioner, v. State of New
York. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 302, Misc. Joe Pippin, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois is denied without prejudice to the filing of an application for
writ of habeas corpus in any State court of competent jurisdiction.
See Young v. Ragen, U. S.-, No. 50, October Term, 1948, decided
June 6, 1949.
-
No. 359, Misc. Fred Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. Tom Smith,
Superintendent. The motion to strike respondent's brief is denied.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington is also denied.
No. 2, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 10, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 373, Misc. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 377, Misc. Alex M. Ferguson, Temporary Administrator, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. James E. Ferguson. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 3rd Supreme Judicial District,
State of Texas, denied.
No. 414, Misc. R. T. Thomas, petitioner, v. H. C. Moore, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Walker County,
State of Texas, denied.
No. 424, Misc. Joseph P. Oddo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 450, Misc. Kingdom DeNormand et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 476, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
251
No. 477, Misc. Ivan Laughlin Wagner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 484, Misc. Arthur Lee Flynn, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 491, Misc. James C. Birtch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 533, Misc. Martin Luther Marion, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 540, Misc. August Pascal, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 542, Misc. Willie James Shoe, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 546, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George W.
Humphrey, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 553, Misc. John Murray Gould, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 555, Misc. Robert L. Hicks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 574, Misc. John Harvey Haley, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 581, Misc. Inez Horton Gay, petitioner, v. Fidelity Union
Trust Company, Executor and Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 586, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 590, Misc. George A. Garner and Lawrence J. Garner, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 596, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Lee
County, State of Illinois, denied.
800009-49- -87

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
252
No. 599, Misc. Charles M. Godwin, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 605, Misc. Pete Fiamengo and Nick Marinkovich, petitioners,
2. The American Fishing Vessel "San Francisco" and Andrew Zam-
berlin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 611, Misc. Charlie Burch, petitioner, v. F. S. Kiernan, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 616, Misc. Frank Carter, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 621, Misc. Ethelyn C. Rodda, petitioner, v. James M. Rodda.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 623, Misc. Albert A. Adams, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 626, Misc. Ernest William Howell, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth and Tenth Circuits denied.
No. 627, Misc. Otis Loper, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 628, Misc. Robert Reeves, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia
denied.
No. 629, Misc. Alva Wallace, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 630, Misc. Roy L. Story, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 639, Misc. William D. Fuller, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 640, Misc. Earl H. Pope, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custo-
dian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 641, Misc. Martin Thomas Tabor, petitioner, v. Edwin T.
Swenson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
253
No. 645, Misc. Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner, v. Dr. LeRoy
Wright, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 646, Misc. Kenneth Taylor, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 647, Misc. Frank C. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 648, Misc. John D. Edwards, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 649, Misc. James Darden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 650, Misc. Virgil Current, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 654, Misc. Walter O. Noorlander, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court for the County of Los Angeles, State of California, denied.
No. 656, Misc. Glenn H. Goodman, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 657, Misc. Glenn H. Goodman, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lain-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Lee County, State of Iowa, denied.
No. 658, Misc. Raymond Beckham Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 659, Misc. Carl Kranz, petitioner, v. George W. Humphrey,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 660, Misc. Francis Joseph Gryger, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 662, Misc. Charles Phillips, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 663, Misc. Ralph H. Manchester, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
254
No. 665, Misc. Charles Whalen and Carl Genske, petitioners, v.
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 666, Misc. Irwin Edelman, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Depart-
ment of the Superior Court of California denied.
No. 667, Misc. Thomas Clark, petitioner, v. Ralph Eidson, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 669, Misc. Robert B. Kimbrel, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 673, Misc. William J. Dessaure, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 674, Misc. Earl F. Hall, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 675, Misc. Maurice Peter Tennant, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 676, Misc. Albert W. Manning, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 677, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 678, Misc. Richard J. Williams, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 679, Misc. Maurice Meyer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 680, Misc. Victor Donald Wilde, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Wyoming. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wyoming denied.
No. 451, Misc. Richard Chaney, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 561, Misc. Samuel J. Hanna, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari in these cases are denied.
No. 612, Misc. Walter J. Rought, petitioner, v. The United States
District Court for the Western District of Missouri. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1949
255
No. 631, Misc. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden;
No. 635, Misc. Carl Krepper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 642, Misc. Calvin Roberts, petitioner, v. J. N. Frisbie, Warden,
State Prison of Southern Michigan;
No. 653, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser;
No. 661, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark,
Attorney General;
No. 664, Misc. Clifford Pullins, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden;
and
No. 672, Misc. Hugh Fincham, petitioner, v. J. M. Lillard, Sheriff.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus in
these cases are severally denied.
No. 670, Misc. James Bowling Edwards, petitioner, v. Donald
Clemmer, Director. Application denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 27,
next, on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
No. 773. Estate of William M. Hager, Deceased, Anna E. Hager
and Janet Hager MacAllister, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
Adjourned until Monday, June 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
256
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John Tone Kelly, of Chicago, Ill.; Meyer R. Newman, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Lon P. MacFarland, of Columbia, Tenn.; John Y. Mer-
rell, of Washington, D. C.; Harlan L. Kays, of Princeton, Ind.;
George O. Bakke, of Denver, Colo.; Tilghman E. Dixon, of Little
Rock, Ark.; Arch B. Brown, of Arlington, Va.; James Shenos, of
Washington, D. C.; Paul E. Schwab, of Beverly Hills, Calif.; Robert
T. Brinsmade, of Dallas, Tex.; David I. Lippert, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Earl Franklin Rowe, of Lamar, Colo.; Arthur A. Jones, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Fred J. Dudley, of Costa Mesa, Calif.; Robert
Crafts, of Akron, Ohio; Charles Handler, of Newark, N. J.; and
Vincent J. Casale, of Newark, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 226. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral-Illinois Securities Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White
and Frances Boehm;
No. 227. Thomas W. Streeter et al., petitioners, v. Central-Illinois
Securities Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White and Frances
Boehm;
No. 243. The Home Insurance Company and Tradesmen's National
Bank and Trust Company, petitioners, v. Central-Illinois Securities
Corporation, C. A. Johnson, Lucille White and Frances Boehm; and
No. 266. Central-Illinois Securities Corporation and Christian A.
Johnson, petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission et al.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of Del-
aware for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 12. Virgil T. Brinegar, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Okla-
800009-49- -88

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
257
homa. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and
Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 528. Harold Roland Christoffel, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice
Reed, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 63. Kimball Laundry Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court of the District of Ne-
braska for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice.
Reed concur. Opinion announced by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 17. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado; and
No. 18. Julius A. Wolf, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Colorado. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Colorado. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Rutledge joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice
Murphy joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 610. Robert A. Watts, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the said Supreme Court
for proceedings not inconsistent with the judgment of this Court.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced the judgment of the Court and
an opinion in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge
join. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the judgment. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the result. Dissenting: Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 107. Aaron Turner, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the said Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
258
with the judgment of this Court. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced
the judgment of the Court and an opinion in which Mr. Justice Mur-
phy and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the
judgment. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr.
Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson.
No. 76. L. D. Harris, petitioner, v. State of South Carolina. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of South Caro-
lina. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the said
Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the judgment
of this Court. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced the judgment of
the Court and an opinion in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Rutledge join. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the judgment. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice
Reed, and Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson.
- No. 1389, October Term, 1946. Emil Lustig, Alias Dr. Edward E. .
Fisher, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey for proceedings in conformity
with the judgment of this Court. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced
the judgment of the Court and an opinion in which Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Mr. Justice
Black concurs in the judgment. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 418. Edward Gibbs, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, East-
ern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the said Supreme
Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas concur in the judgment of the Court. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur in the result.
No. 351. Cosmopolitan Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Robert A. McAllister. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for proceedings in conformity with
L

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
259
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge.
No. 179. Lillian A. Weade, Frederick M. Weade, and Roberta L.
Stinemeyer, petitioners, v. Dichman, Wright & Pugh, Incorporated.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment modified as indicated in the opinion
of this Court and, as so modified, affirmed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
No. 360. Fred W. Fink, petitioner, v. Shepard Steamship Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oregon; and
No. 430. Isaac Gaynor, petitioner, v. Agwilines, Inc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit. Judgments affirmed with costs. Case No. 360 is remanded to
the Supreme Court of Oregon. Case No. 430 is remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 31. Jess Larson, as War Assets Administrator and Surplus
Property Administrator, petitioner, v. Domestic and Foreign Com-
merce Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia with directions to dismiss the complaint. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the
result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Burton concurs.
No. 313. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. W. O.
Culbertson, Sr., and Gladys Culbertson. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of
Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to that Court with di-
rections to remand the cause to the Tax Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson. Statement by Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Rutledge acquiescing in the Court's opinion and judgment. Con-
curring statement by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Jackson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 128. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company, peti-
tioner, v. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division of the United States Department of Labor; and

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
260
No. 196. William R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor, petitioner,
v. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Company. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgment modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and, as
so modified, affirmed and cause remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Colorado. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Vinson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 255. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Ordered that after this term
this cause be left off the docket until a direction to the contrary
shall issue. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 239, Misc. Koki Hirota, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.;
No. 240, Misc. Kenji Dohihara, petitioner, v. General of the Army
Douglas MacArthur et al.; and
No. 248, Misc. Koichi Kido et al., petitioners, v. General of the
Army Douglas MacArthur et al. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. (Opinion of Court
was handed down December 20, 1948.)
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 43. Central States Cooperatives, Inc., petitioner, v. Watson
Bros. Transportation Company, Inc. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause is remanded to that court
for further consideration in the light of National Mutual Insurance.
Co. v. Tidewater Transfer Co., No. 29, October Term, 1948, decided
June 20, 1949.
No. 493. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. C. Emory
Glander, Tax Commissioner, State of Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: The judgment of the Supreme
Court of Ohio is vacated and the cause is remanded to that court in
order to enable it to reexamine its decision in the light of Wheeling
Steel Corporation and National Distillers Products Corporation v.
Glander, Nos. 447 and 448, October Term, 1948, decided June 20,
1949. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
-

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
261
No. 494. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. C. Emory
Glander, Tax Commissioner, State of Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: Judgment reversed. Wheeling
Steel Corporation and National Distillers Products Corporation v.
Glander, Nos. 447 and 448, October Term, 1948, decided June 20,
1949. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 604. Ajax Trucking Company, Inc., appellant, v. Rollin
Browne et al., As and Constituting the State Tax Commission of the
State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Matson Navigation Co. v. State
Board of Equalization of California, 297 U. S. 441.
No. 749. Great Lakes Steel Corporation, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Per curiam:
Judgment reversed. United States v. Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, No. 330, October Term, 1948, decided June 20, 1949. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton dissent for
reasons stated in the dissenting opinion in No. 330.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The report of the Special Master is
received and ordered filed.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The order of February 12, 1949, appointing
William H. Davis, Esquire, of New York City, Special Master herein
is continued and he is directed to proceed with all convenient speed,
with respect to the seven coastal segments enumerated in Groups I
and II of the Master's Report, to consider: (1) a simplification of the
issues; (2) statements of the issues and amendments thereto in the
nature of pleadings; (3) the nature and form of evidence proposed
to be submitted, including admission of facts and of documents which
will avoid unnecessary proof; and report thereon to the Court.
Should the office of Master become vacant during the recess of
the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new desig-
nation which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the
Court herein.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this question.

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
262
No. 386. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner v. Manufacturers Trust Company;
and
No. 443. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Custo-
dian. The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are
granted and the petitions for rehearing are granted. The orders
entered January 17, 1949, denying certiorari are vacated and the
petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit are granted.
No. 436. Eugene Dennis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit is granted limited to the question
whether government employees could properly serve on the jury which
tried petitioner. The case is transferred to the summary docket. The
motion for leave to file brief of Paul Robeson et al., as amici curiae
is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 452. Leroy Graham et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is
granted and the case is assigned for argument on Monday, October 10,
next. The motion of petitioner to vacate the stay and to reinstate the
injunction is denied.
No. 783. Jesse Miller Sinclair, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 787. John E. Manning, as Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Fifth District of New Jersey, petitioner, v. Seeley Tube and Box
Company, a corporation of the State of New Jersey. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is
granted.
No. 809. Julia Rhoda Aaron, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Ford, Bacon,
and Davis, Incorporated. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is granted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 746.
No. 817. The United States of America, ex rel. Otto A. Willumeit,
petitioner, v. W. F. Watkins, District Director, Immigration and
Naturalization Service. The motion to dispense with printing the
petition and record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted.
No. 260. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichen-
laub, pétitioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immi-

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
263
gration and Naturalization of the United States for the District of
New York, etc. The order entered November 15, 1948, denying certio-
rari is vacated. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 817.
No. 71. Thomas W. Fong, James Lee Hing, and Joseph Bauer,
petitioners, v. Superior Court of the State of Washington for King
County, Honorable J. T. Ronald, Judge. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 178. The United States of America, ex rel. Murad A. Sutton,
petitioner, v. James Mulcahy, United States Marshal for the Southern
District of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 391. A. F. Wagner Iron Works and Wagner Engineering
Company, petitioners, v. War Assets Administration et al., etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 509. Otto A. Kohl, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 525. Hyman Moore, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 641. Herman Becker, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 675. Emetia Polizio, Alias Joe Pledge, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 703. John R. Stinnett, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 779. Joseph Paterno and Pasquale Masi, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 781. W. G. Duncan, Transferee of San Antonio Driverless Co.,
Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 784. Evelyn Campbell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 795. Irving Fainblatt, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
264
No. 796. Leon Fainblatt, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 799. Graylyn Bainbridge Corporation, petitioner, v. Tighe E.
Woods, Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 804. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company of Texas, pe-
titioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel. Jewell G. Deavers.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 810. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. Harlan B. Ramsey
and Ruby Ramsey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 818. Helen E. Farmakis, petitioner, v. Eleanor T. Farmakis
and United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 845. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 860. Empire Packing Company and Samuel Chapman, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 877. James T. Keating, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 520. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. L. B.
Hartz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the
petition should be granted.
No. 843. Fitz Simons and Connell Dredge and Dock Co., petitioner,
v. Charles Mullen; and
No. 844. Fitz Simons and Connell Dredge and Dock Co., petitioner,
v. Erwin Savela. The motion to dispense with printing the petition
and record is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
1
No. 156. Margaret C. Donovan, petitioner, v. Queensboro Corpora-
tion, Garden Housing Corporation, et al.; and
No. 49, Misc. Margaret C. Donovan, petitioner, v. Queensboro Cor-
poration et al. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 513. Burnham Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Borax Con-
solidated, Ltd., Pacific Coast Borax Company, et al. The motion for
800009-49-89

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
265
an extension of time within which to file a second petition for rehear-
ing is denied.
No. 647. A. B. Momand, petitioner, v. Universal Film Exchanges,
Inc., et al. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 671. Samuel Titto Williams, appellant, v. The People of the
State of New York. The petition for rehearing and the motion for
a stay of the mandate are denied.
. No. 708. Ib Chr Sonnesen, petitioner, v. Panama Transport Com-
pany. The motion to enlarge the time to file petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 788. Estella Latta, Jones M. Griffin, and Alvin Chambers, pe-
titioners, v. Western Investment Company et al. The motion for an
extension of time within which to file petition for rehearing is granted
and the time is extended to and including September 3, next.
No. 805. Mary V. Doles, appellant, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company;
No. 425, Misc. Donald E. Hasson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America:
No. 437, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia; and
No. 489, Misc. Maude Pridgen Butler, petitioner, v. S. A. Penix,
Receiver. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 186, Misc. Albert J. Palardy, petitioner, v. American-Ha-
waiian Steamship Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 291, Misc. John K. Aird, petitioner, v. Weyerhaeuser Steam-
ship Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 634, Misc. George Thomas, petitioner, v. Furness (Pacific)
Limited, a Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 651, Misc. Walter McDonald, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 671, Misc. Herbert McCormick, petitioner, v. The State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 681, Misc. Robert E. Hinton, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid, Super-
intendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 682, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
266
No. 684, Misc. Charles Westbrook, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Christian County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 685, Misc. Salvatore Maimone, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 687, Misc. Richard Kamrowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 688, Misc. Joseph Bassinger, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 690, Misc. Harry Holderfield, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Franklin County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 691, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. John B. Rooney
and Henry P. Berry, petitioners, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 692, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 683, Misc. Cecil Lee Edgeman, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden; and
No. 689, Misc. Sylvester Brown, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 686, Misc. In the Matter of Friedrich Felsch, petitioner.
Treating the application in this case as a motion for leave to file a
petition for an original writ of habeas corpus, leave to file is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion that there is want of juris-
diction. United States Constitution, article III, section 2, clause 2;
see Ex parte Betz and companion cases, all 329 U. S. 672 (1946);
Milch v. United States, 332 U. S. 789 (1947); Brandt v. United States,
333 U. S. 836 (1948); In re Eichel, 333 U. S. 865 (1948); Everett v.
Truman, 334 U. S. 824 (1948). Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the
opinion that argument should be heard on the motion for leave to
file the petition in order to settle what remedy, if any, the petitioner
has. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1949
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
267
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.