I
OCTOBER TERM, 1951
Number of cases on dockets….
Cases disposed of _
STATISTICS
Miscella-
Original Appellate
Total
neous
9
827
532
1, 368
0
714
508
1,222
113
24
146
Remaining on dockets ___
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions____
By per curiam opinions..
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases) --
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
95
96
5
518
By written opinion_____
1
By per curiam opinions__
5
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari-.
386
By denial or withdrawal of other applications--
By transfer to Appellate Docket----
101
15
Number of written opinions__-.
83
Number of printed per curiam opinions_
13
Number of petitions for certiorari granted
113
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned____
35
Number of admissions to bar__.
988
REFERENCE INDEX
Court convened October 1.
Mrs. Hugo L. Black, death of (Dec. 7, 1951) announced_.
Thomas E. Waggaman, Marshal-announcement of retirement
June 30
T. Perry Lippitt-appointed Marshal effective June 30
Conference room sessions__.
952806-52-78
Page
79
234
234
157, 193

Special Master-one Justice noted a dissent to award of com-
pensation (6 Orig.) ------
Special Master-order continuing appointment (6 Orig.)
Attorney-resignation as member of Bar accepted (Robert E.
Kleinschmidt) ---
Disbarment-In re Lewis E. Barnes (1) Misc.) -.
In re Alger Hiss (229 Misc., three Justices not partici-
pating)….
In re Albert Woodruff Gray (124) Misc.) .
In re Abraham J. Isserman (469 Misc.)
63
74
130
25
90
43, 89
222
Counsel appointed (79, 80–82, 95, 96, 78, 375, 162 appellee, 331
respondent). At this term the Court adopted the practice of
reimbursing appointed counsel for transportation_____ 4, 40, 47, 72
Associate counsel appointed (95) ---
Per curiam and judgment announced on a Thursday—"Full
when prepared, will be filed with the
* *
opinion *
Clerk" (649) --
4
166
61
31, 105, 110, 144, 174
Judgment annnounced-no opinion of the Court (94) --
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (10, 46, 169, 134–5,
78) -
Judgment affirmed on jurisdictional statements with one
Justice dissenting “to action of the Court in disposing of
the case without oral argument" and another filing a dis-
senting memorandum (346, see also 410).
62, 72
129
3
Judgment affirmed with three Justices voting to note probable
jurisdiction and hear argument (541, 560) ---
Judgment state court vacated on petition for certiorari and
cause remanded for such proceedings as deemed appropriate,
it appearing cause has become moot (92) --
Judgment state court vacated on petition for certiorari and case
remanded for further proceedings citing Jennings v.
Illinois, 342 U. S. 104 (35 Misc., 49 Misc., 235 Misc.) ----- 129, 226
Judgment state court vacated on petition for certiorari and
case remanded for further consideration in the light of the
response filed by the Attorney General of Illinois (485
Misc.)
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to District Court with directions to vacate and dismiss as
moot (31) (759).
226
2,225
Judgment vacated, after argument, and case remanded to Dis-
trict Court with directions to dismiss petition for habeas
corpus as moot (517) --
225
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Court of Appeals to determine whether there was juris-
diction by virtue of diversity of citizenship (147) .
30

III
Judgment vacated and case remanded for further consideration
in light of recent decision of this Court (159) ---
Judgment vacated and case remanded to District Court for
specific findings as to certain matters (421–2)--
Judgment vacated with directions to District Court to vacate
its judgment and to direct petitioner's release from custody
(275 see opinion) --
Judgment vacated and case remanded to Court of Appeals for
further consideration in the light of recent decision of state
court (529)-
Page
30
85
109
159
2,217
3
106
Judgment reversed on jurisdictional statements (89, 90, 707—
with concurring statements by two Justices) -
Judgment Court of Appeals reversed "upon consideration of
respondent's confession of error and the record" and case re-
manded to District Court with directions to vacate its order
(166) __
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari (189, 666) ---- 128, 200
Amicus curiae briefs-statement by one Justice regarding re-
fusal of Solicitor General to consent to filing (293-4)-
Amicus curiae briefs-leave to file denied with a memorandum
by one Justice and a statement of another regarding the oper-
ation of the rule and practice in regard thereto (543)
Argument on motion for bail and petition for writ of habeas
corpus, referred to the Court by an individual Justice (Stack
v. Boyle later filed as No. 400). Subsequently certiorari was
granted and counsel stipulated that argument on motions
should stand as argument on merits. (See opinion). _
Argument-court declined to hear further argument (120) --
Argument-case assigned specially after suspension of call of
regular docket (Steel case 744–5) ….
Argument pro hac vice (95) --
Argument pro se (474) __
---
-
Argument-motions to postpone, objected to, denied (230, 428) –
Argument-order of, where both parties petitioned for cer-
tiorari before judgment. (See Steel case 744-5).
175
39, 46
101
193
53
181
145
203
Reargument ordered (1, 456, 44, 626, 643, 670, 669) _____ 47, 175, 226
Case continued after argument to enable petitioner to secure
determination from state court as to basis of decision (79 see
opinions) ____
Case continued to enable appellant to secure determination from
state court as to effect of repeal of statute involved (301-2
see opinion).
46, 200
46

IV
Case continued to await action in same cause in another court
(71 Misc. see opinion) -----
Motion filed at previous term continued (353 O. T. 1950) -------
Consideration of petitions for certiorari deferred pending fur-
ther action in case on the docket (623, 233 Misc., 484 Misc.) –.
Attorneys' fees-motion for award of in compensation case
where certiorari denied, granted (743).
Costs printing of record to be paid by United States pursuant
to 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1915 (b). Requisition furnished by Ad-
ministrative Office of United States Courts (391) .
In forma pauperis-motion for leave to proceed denied upon
showing made by applicant (203 Misc.)
Page
81
226
227
227
86
175
Bail denied in a federal habeas corpus case, the application hav-
ing been presented to the Court rather than to an individual
Justice (414 Misc.).
162
Stay granted (election case 649), application referred to the
Court by an individual Justice. Certiorari also granted, with-
out awaiting response, and case set for argument within one
week (649) ---
Stay-motion to vacate or modify denied (649) ---
Stay granted (Steel case 744-5) ----
Mandate stayed as to one party pending his trial in another case,
three Justices dissenting (35).
Mandamus-leave to file granted and rule ordered to issue (71
Misc., 159 Misc.) __
Certificates court ordered up entire record (792–3) -
Motion as to printing record granted (86, 224, and 295)
Motion to transfer from summary docket granted (172).
150
157
193
230
8,34
227
57
57
Motion for return of record to petitioner denied (241 Misc.) ---
Motion for leave to add additional parties plaintiff in this court,
made after argument, granted (329 see opinion) -
90
127
Motion of petitioner to vacate and remand, after certiorari
granted, denied (334) __.
200
Motion for leave to apply to District Court for leave to dismiss
indictment denied (387) --
81
Stipulation to abide judgment in companion case (771) --
Appeal application for leave to docket case denied where
order allowing appeal had been vacated (Adams v. Jensen) --
Appeal from District Court "dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question” (427) --
Appeal dismissed with three Justices voting to note probable
jurisdiction (520) --
217
34
85
128

V
Certiorari:
Before judgment granted with two Justices noting their
vote to deny in a written memorandum (Steel case
744-5
Before judgment denied (494) --
Granted under 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1651 (15 Misc.) ---
Denied for reason application not made within time pro-
vided by law (153, 216) ---
Denied for want of final judgment (325) ---
Denied for reason judgment of court below based upon a
nonfederal ground adequate to support it (451) ….
Denied with dissenting memorandum by one Justice
(199)
Page
193
97
7
18
59
133
33
Denied with three Justices voting to grant (271) ----
Denied with one Justice noting his vote to grant and
reverse (417).
51
87
Denied with one Justice filing opinion in connection with
denial (413)-
112
Denied with dissenting memorandum by two Justices and
a statement by another (387) ---
152
Denied with notation that an individual Justice "will file"
a memorandum with the Clerk (524) ---
177
Denied with two Justices noting their vote to grant and
another filing a memorandum (326 Misc.)
202
Writ dismissed as improvidently granted (474 see opin-
ion)
Rehearing granted (201 O. T. 1950).
----
Rehearing granted and order denying certiorari as out of time
vacated, and certiorari denied without more (321 Misc.) --
Rehearing denied for reason application not made within time
provided by Rule 33 (152 Misc.) ---
Order suspending call of docket entered April 28; regular argu-
ments completed April 30-_-_-
Order fixing adjournment date….
Final order June 9, 1952-
188
88
190
203
234
209
41
□ S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1952

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Harold Wellington McKinney, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas
Russell Roper, of Fayette, Ala.; William James Boyd, Jr., of Bir-
mingham, Ala.; G. William Horsley, of Springfield, Ill.; Harvey
Walker, of Worthington, Ohio; Coy Ulice Spawn, Jr., of Houston,
Tex.; Ben D. Atwell, of Dallas, Tex.; Eugene Mark Hines, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Francis V. O'Brien, of Port Washington, N. Y.; Elve A.
Hancock, of Little Rock, Ark.; William E. Balter, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Harold L. Jenkins, of Allison Park, Pa.; Henry Hirschberg,
of Newburgh, N. Y.; Stephen S. Townsend, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Herbert L. Shepard, of San Francisco, Calif.; James R. Carnes, of
Paramount, Calif.; Robert B. Morgan, of Columbia, S. C.; Webb C.
Hayes III, of Washington, D. C.; William O. Bissonett, of Duluth,
Minn.; LeRoy G. Charles, of Chicago, Ill.; Marvin Lee Ritch, of
Charlotte, N. C.; Robert A. Muldonian, of Washington, D. C.; Charles
Frank Brockus, of Kansas City Mo.; and Robert Richard Roberts,
of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
Adjourned until Monday, October 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 8, will be as follows: Nos. 5, 94,
6 (and 7), 10, 11, 12, 14, 18, 25, and 22.
☑
952806-51—1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
2
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
William E. Dougherty, of Portland, Oreg.; Dean F. Bryson, of
Portland, Oreg.; John M. Webster, of Washington, D. C.; Clifford
O. Lawrence, of Kerrville, Tex.; William C. Peticolas, of El Paso,
Tex.; John J. Alder, of Kansas City, Mo.; Homer L. Kyle, of Lincoln,
. Nebr.; Paul R. Connolly, of Washington, D. C.; Robert G. Simmons,
Jr., of Scottsbluff, Nebr.; Walter E. Nolte, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Alfred
D. Fears, of Jackson, Ga.; Richard W. Watkins, Jr., of Jackson, Ga.;
William J. Grove, of Norristown, Pa.; Ebb J. Ford, Jr., of Gulfport,
Miss.; George F. Galland, of Alexandria, Va.; James H. Simmonds,
of Arlington, Va.; Miles H. Draper, of Tampa, Fla.; John H. Skeen,
Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Carl Layton Shipley, of Washington, D. C.;
Abner Goldstone, of New York, N. Y.; and Clifford Hoof, of Seattle,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 31. Los Angeles Building and Construction Trades Council, and
its agent, Lloyd A. Mashburn, et al., petitioners, v. Howard F. Le-
Baron, Regional Director of the Twenty-first Region of the National
Labor Relations Board, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curi-
am: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment
of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California
with directions to vacate its judgment and to dismiss the petition
upon the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 89. Alabama Public Service Commission et al., appellants, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Co., and
No. 90. Alabama Public Service Commission et al., appellants, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Co. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama. Per
Curiam: Judgments reversed. Alabama Public Service Comm'n v.
Southern Railway Co., 341 U. S. 341. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and
Mr. Justice Jackson adhere to the views expressed in their concurring
opinion in Alabama Public Service Comm'n v. Southern Railway Co.,
341 U. S. 341, 351, as to the jurisdictional issue in these cases.
952806-51-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
3
No. 92. George B. Thorp, petitioner, v. The Board of Trustees of
Schools for Industrial Education, Newark College of Engineering.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey,
Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. It ap-
pearing that the cause has become moot, the judgment of the Supreme
Court of New Jersey is vacated and the cause is remanded for such
proceedings as by that Court may be deemed appropriate.
No. 116. Max W. Winn and Samuel Bloom, appellants, v. The
Pittston Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 163. North Side Laundry Company, appellant, v. Board of
Property Assessment, Appeals and Review, Allegheny County. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 155. Albion R. Allen, Lee R. Adams, et al., appellants, v. City
of Long Beach, A. L. Parmley, Joseph R. Ramsey, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of Appeal of the State of California, Second Appel-
late District. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to file brief of Ameri-
can Federation of Labor is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 166. Samuel D. Cates, trading as Glory Bee Products, and
Glory Bee, petitioners, v. John Haderlein, as Postmaster of the City
of Chicago, in the County of Cook and State of Illinois. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. Upon consideration of respondent's confession of error and
the record, the judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the
case is remanded to the District Court with directions to vacate its
order dismissing the complaint.
No. 205. Herman Weinmann, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, et al. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal
of the State of California, Second Appellate District. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 243. Earl David Bircham, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C.
§ 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed
as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by 28 U. S. C. § 2103,
certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
The Chief Justice said:
4
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 17. Thomas P. McMahon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and United States Maritime Commission. The motion of
petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 79. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. It is ordered that Franklin C. Stark,
Esq., of Oakland, California, a member of the bar of this Court, be
appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 80. Edward J. Keenan, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
New Eastern State Penitentiary;
No. 81. Walter Jankowski, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, New Eastern State Penitentiary, etc.; and
No. 82. Orville Foulke, Petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, New
Eastern State Penitentiary, etc. It is ordered that Archibald Cox,
Esq., of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a member of the bar of this Court,
be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioners in these cases.
No. 95. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 96. Arthur La Frana, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. It is ordered that Nathaniel L. Nathanson, Esq., of Chicago,
Illinois, a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioners in these cases. It is further ordered that
Calvin P. Sawyier, Esq., of Chicago, Illinois, be appointed to serve as
associate counsel for the petitioner in No. 95.
No. 86. Howard Hughes, appellant, v. The United States of
America. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 91. The United States of America, appellant, v. Perry Halseth.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 134. A/S. J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi et al., appellants, v.
Isbrandtsen Co., Inc., et al.; and
No. 135. Federal Maritime Board, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 151. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al., appellants, v. Great Northern Railway Company;
No. 184. The Standard Oil Company, an Ohio Corporation, appel-
lant, v. John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner, State of Ohio, et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
5
No. 253. Memphis Steam Laundry Cleaner, Inc., appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission of the State of Mississippi.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Arnold L.
Dailey. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 20.
No. 165. Norman H. Buck, Miguel R. Guerra, appellants. v. The
People of the State of California; and
No. 176. Morris Leland, appellant, v. The State of Oregon. In
these cases the motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted and probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 230. Besser Manufacturing Company and Jesse H. Besser,
appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 250. The United States of America, appellant, v. New Wrinkle,
Inc., and The Kay and Ess Company. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this question.
No. 206. Luigi Mascitti, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, At-
torney General of the United States; and
No. 264. Dora Coleman, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, At-
torney General of the United States and A. R. Mackey, Acting
Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this question. The cases are transferred
to the summary docket. No. 206 is assigned for argument imme-
diately following case No. 43, and No. 264 is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 206.
No. 35. Frank Carlson, Miriam Christine Stevenson, David Hyun,
and Harry Carlisle, petitioners, v. Herman R. Landon, District Di-
rector of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United States
Department of Justice. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 47. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel M.
Shannon, Patti A. Shannon and W. L. Shannon. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 85. Idonah Slade Perkins, petitioner, v. Benquet Consolidated
Mining Company, an Alien Business Association known as Sociedad
Anonima, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio granted and case transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
6
No. 158. Thomas B. Lilly and Helen W. Lilly, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary docket.
•
No. 195. James Rutkin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 209. The United States, petitioner, v. John Stuart Kelly et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 43. Peter Harisiades, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization of the Port of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 169. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, as successor to the
Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Kaku Nagano. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 46. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Lucy
Jordan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted limited to question No. 3 presented by
the petition for the writ and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 62. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company, petitioners, v.
Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation; and
No. 197. Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 118. Joseph Beauharnais, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois granted.
No. 126. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. American
National Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 180. Kerotest Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. C-O-
Two Fire Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
952806-51――3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
7
No. 78. Marianna Von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of the Detroit House of Correction. Motion to dis-
pense with printing the record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 136. James W. Butterfield, Director of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. John Zydok. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket and as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 35.
No. 173. Joseph T. Lykes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing portions of the record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 204. Richard Guessfeldt, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 169. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 5, Misc. Fred Stroble, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
granted and case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary docket.
No. 16, Misc. John F. Dice, petitioner, v. The Akron, Canton and
Youngstown Railroad Company. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Ohio granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 29, Misc. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted and the case is transferred
to the appellate docket, placed on the summary docket, and assigned
for argument immediately following Nos. 95 and 96.
No. 15, Misc. Far East Conference, United States Lines Company,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America et al. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States District Court for the District of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
8
New Jersey granted and the case is assigned for argument immediately
following Nos. 134 and 135. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 71, Misc. Valerie Cogdell, Wallace Morris, Felicia Brown,
et al., petitioners, v. Hon. Matthew F. McGuire and Hon. Walter
M. Bastian, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of manda-
mus granted. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within thirty
days, requiring the respondents to show cause why the petition for
writ of mandamus should not be granted.
No. 24. Robert A. Fay, Administrator of the Estate of Gloria Ann
Fay, deceased, and Abelyn Lara, petitioners, v. Howard B. Swicker
and the Republic Mutual Insurance Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 27. Quest-Shon Mark Brassiere Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 28. Fremont Cake and Meal Company, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Wilson and Company, Inc., a corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 29. Joseph A. Kelly, petitioner, v. The Delaware River Joint
Commission, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 33. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Dominic Daverse,
petitioner, v. William Hohn, Warden of Westmoreland County Jail,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania denied.
No. 36. David D. Jackson, on behalf of himself and all others
similarly situated, et al., petitioners, v. Northwest Airlines, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 39. Seamprufe, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 41. Harry B. Greene and Glenn I. Toney, petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 42. William F. Brack, petitioner, v. Dora Gross. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 45. William B. Mack, petitioner, v. Peter Males et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
9
No. 48. The United States, petitioner, v. The Loyal Band or Group
of Creek Indians, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 50. Canadian Aviator, Ltd., petitioner, v. The United States
of America and J. Jason Jones, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 51. A. Haas, petitioner, v. Palace Hotel Company of San Fran-
cisco, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeals of the State of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 52. Nick W. Maroosis, petitioner, v. James G. Smyth, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 53. Louis Rubino and Catherine Rubino, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 55. John P. Clougherty, in behalf of himself and other present
and former employees, similarly situated, of the defendant corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. James Vernor Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 56. Gerald B. Winrod, petitioner, v. McFadden Publications,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 57. Vincente Moreno, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 58. Carrier Corporation, petitioner, v. Refrigeration Engineer-
ing, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 59. Haleston Drug Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 60. Sea View, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. M. J. Weinstein,
Guardian of Maher Jacob Weinstein and Judith Ann Weinstein.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 61. Gladys Noel Bates and Richard Jess Brown, individually
and on behalf of the Negro Teachers and Principals in the Jackson
Separate School District, petitioners, v. John C. Batte, President, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
10
No. 63. Andrew A. Augustine and Salvatore J. Augustine, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 64. Union Starch and Refining Co., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 65. Latvian State Cargo and Passenger Steamship Line, peti-
tioner, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of the United States
and Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 66. The North Arlington National Bank, petitioner, v. Kearny
Federal Savings and Loan Association. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 67. Ambrose Oldland, Carrie Knowles, Ernest Oldlands, et al.,
petitioners, v. Phillips Petroleum Company; and
No. 107. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Ambrose Old-
land, Carrie Knowles, Ernest Oldland, et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 68. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William Sims.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 69. Thelma M. Almy Murray, petitioner, v. The United States
of America and Citizens Commercial and Savings Bank, Administra-
tor for George Almy, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 70. James F. Boyle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 71. Joseph W. Jones, petitioner, v. Motorola, Inc., Davega
Stores Corp., and Motorola-New York, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 72. Hugo V. Loewi, Inc., petitioner, v. Fred Geschwill. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 73. Hugo V. Loewi, Inc., petitioner, v. Kilian W. Smith. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 74. Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-In Asylum, a
corporation, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
952806-51-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
11
No. 75. Louise McGrew Moffett, as an individual and executrix of
the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, petitioner, v. Commerce Trust Com-
pany, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 76. P. G. Taylor, Seaton Porter, Henry W. Butler, et al., peti-
tioners, v. John E. Hubbell, Wilma Hubbell, Tucson Gas, Electric
Light and Power Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorai to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 84. Charles M. Jackson, petitioner, v. American Fire and
Casualty Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 87. Harold R. Dalton and Austin G. Cooley, petitioners, v.
John A. Marzall, as Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals
denied.
No. 88. M. Dorsky, petitioner, v. Bradley G. Brown, License In-
spector of Jefferson County, Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 93. Jack Galter, Dora M. Galter, William R. Galter, and
Arnold F. Shapiro, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 97. William A. Goodloe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 98. Harold S. Baird, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 99. Obie Fauster Hunter et al., petitioners, v. C. D. Shepherd
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 101. Tillie Blum, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 105. Frank L. Thorpe, Lenah Thorpe, Charles W. Waters,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Ivan E. Landstrom et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 108. Blanche M. Kenyon, individually and as Executrix under
the last will and testament of Bertram C. Kenyon, deceased, peti-
tioner, v. Automatic Instrument Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
12
No. 109. Raymond M. Crane, doing business as Associated Fruit
Distributors, petitioners, v. Joseph Denunzio Fruit Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 110. Eddie Mattox and Bertha Mattox, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 111. Jacksonville Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. Florida Rail-
road and Public Utilities Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 114. Wabash Corporation and Hartford National Bank and
Trust Company (Trustee), petitioners, v. Ross Electric Corporation
and General Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 115. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 117. The Board of Commissioners for the Atchafalaya Basin
Levee District, petitioner, v. Mrs. Mary A. Smyth, widow of Frank
G. Nelson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 119. School District of the Borough of Shenandoah and the
Borough of Shenandoah, etc., petitioners, v. City of Philadelphia,
Trustee under the will of Stephen Girard, deceased. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 124. Boeing Airplane Company, petitioner, v. Aeronautical
Industrial District Lodge No. 751 of the International Association
of Machinists, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 125. Dominion National Bank of Bristol, Virginia, Trustee,
and Pauline M. De Friece, Trustee, petitioners, v. Jofe F. Hale, indi-
vidually and as former Collector of Internal Revenue for the District
of Tennessee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 127. E. C. Bagsby, Eugene Robinson, and Edward Radford,
petitioners, v. Trustees of Pleasant Grove Independent School Dis-
trict. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals
of the State of Texas, Seventh Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 129. Edward McAndrews, petitioner, v. E. W. Bliss Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
13
No. 130. State of Georgia, petitioner, v. J. B. Wenger. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 131. Marachowsky Stores Company, petitioner, v. Daniel C.
O'Connor, Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 132. William L. Bales, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 133. Carl E. Kime, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 140. Alabama Marble Company, a corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141. A. Lester Marks, Elizabeth Loy Marks, and Herbert M.
Richards, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 142. Southern Pacific Company, a corporation, and T. C.
Gerousbeck, petitioners, v. Alice M. Smith, as administratrix, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 144. John G. Kurzen, Jr., petitioner, v. John A. Marzall,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 145. Dalton Telephone Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Frank G. Lucero, Administrator of the Estate of Santiago
G. Lucero, deceased, petitioner, v. A. E. Saindon and D. Atwood
Knight. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 150. The Eastern Venetian Blind Company, petitioner, v. Acme
Steel Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 152. S. Klein on the Square, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 154. Adam Pietrzak, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
14
No. 156. Distillers Factors Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph M.
Jacobs, Receiver in Bankruptcy of Distillers Factors Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 157. Raymond Terrio, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 160. Strategical Demolition Torpedo Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 161. Clinton Foods, Inc., claimant, and Clinton Foods, Inc., a
corporation, petitioner, v. The United States of America and Honor-
able Ben Moore, Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 168. Leon Friedman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Illinois Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Arthur
Alford et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 171. Anderson-Tully Company, owner of 8 acres of land in
Warren County, Mississippi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 175. Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Walter J.
Toner, Deputy Commissioner, United States Employees' Compensa-
tion Commission, and Elizabeth H. Fredericks. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 179. Osterman and Hunter, Goldman Sachs and Co., Graham-
Newman Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 181. Kam Koon Wan, on his own behalf and on behalf of all
other persons and employees of defendant who are similarly situated,
petitioners, v. E. E. Black, Ltd., a Hawaiian Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 182. Louis Miller and Mrs. Louis Miller, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
952806-51-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
15
No. 185. Fara Investors, Inc., petitioner, v. Morris Lourie, Lena
Glantz, and Joseph Bornholz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 188. George Gillette, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 190. American Stores Company, petitioner, v. Gustave Better-
man. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 191. Clifton E. Weldon, petitioner, v. Interstate Commerce
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 192. Jacob Freidus, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 196. Kimbell-Diamond Milling Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 198. Gordon Louk, Joseph J. Blondell, Jane L. Louk, and
Elizabeth B. Blondell, petitioners, v. Harry D. Friedman, Edward N.
Lightbown, and Nicholas Orem, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 200. Peter A. Asseff and the Lubrizol Corporation, petitioners,
v. John A. Marzall, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 201. Sunray Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. G. T. Allbritton.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 202. Government Services, Inc., petitioner, v. District of Co-
lumbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 208. A. B. T. Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Rejectors, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 210. Mrs. Odile V. Hubert Tucker, as a stockholder, on behalf
of Crescent City Laundries, Inc., petitioner, v. New Orleans Laundries,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 211. Mrs. Odile V. Hubert Tucker, as a stockholder, on behalf
of Crescent City Laundries, Inc., petitioner, v. National Linen Service
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
16
No. 212. American Elastics, Inc., petitioner, v. The Unted States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 213. Robert Stroud, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 215. Bernard Realty Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 217. Benjamin Stein, Rena Stein, and Henry Kutner, doing
business as Reglor of California, petitioners, v. Expert Lamp Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 221. C. E. King and Juanita M. King, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 222. C. C. Dixon, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 223. Railway Express Agency, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
William J. Kennedy et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 225. Porto Rico Telephone Company, petitioner, v. Puerto
Rico Communications Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 226. Mary Ellyson Dowdy, Nannie Ellyson Pollard, and
Hattie Ellyson Maddox, petitioners, v. Clayton Hawfield, individu-
ally, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 227. United Truck Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 228. Scripps-Howard Radio, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Com-
munications Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 235. Norfolk and Western Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Rosa Charles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 255. Sterling L. Hicks, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 102. Emmanouil Neapolidis et al., petitioners, v. The Theopana
Maritime Company, Ltd., etc., et al. Motion to dispense with print-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
17
ing the petition, brief, and record, granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 164. Marcus Sigurjonnson, Jorgen Jorgensen, Ben Hodapp,
Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Trans-American Traders, Inc. Motion to dis-
pense with printing the petition, brief, and record, granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 194. John William Lynch and William M. Hartline, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Motion to dispense with print-
ing the petition, brief, and record, granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 103. Swift and Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Fi-
nance Corporation; and
No. 104. The Cudahy Packing Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals are denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 112. Tadayasu Abo, Mary Kaname Furuya, et al., etc., peti-
tioners v. J. Howard McGrath, as the Attorney General of the United
States, et al;
No. 113. Shinichi Jimmy Aoki, Kiyoshi Wakabayashi, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Bruce G. Barber, as District Director of the Immigration
and Naturalization Service for the Northern District of California;
No. 121. J. Howard McGrath, as Attorney General of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Tadayasu Abo, Mary Kaname Furuya, et
al., etc.; and
No. 122. Bruce G. Barber, as District Director of the United States
Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. Shinichi
Jimmy Aoki, Kiyoshi Wakabayashi, et al. In No. 121 the motion of
the Solicitor General to substitute Chauncey F. Tramutolo, present
United States Attorney for the Northern District of California, as
a party petitioner in the place and stead of Frank J. Hennessy is
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit are severally denied. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 128. Robert Risberg, petitioner, v. Duluth, Missabe and Iron
Range Railway Company, a corporation. Motion to dispense with
printing the petition and portions of the record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 148. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Societe Interna-
tionale Pour Participations Industrielles et Commerciales, S. A., etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
18
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 149. Luther E. Johnson and L. Ray Temple, petitioners, v.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 153. Hope Basket Company, Walter Verhalen, R. A. Dennison,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Product Advancement Corporation and St.
Joe Machines, Inc.; and
No. 216. Delphi Frosted Foods Corporation, petitioner, v. Illinois
Central Railroad Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied for the reason that
applications therefor were not made within the time provided by law.
28 U. S. C. § 2101 (c).
No. 177. John F. Hartmaier et al., petitioners, v. John C. Long
et al. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 193. Nemours Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 266. Edith O. Maske, petitioner, v. Washington, Marlboro and
Annapolis Motor Lines, Inc. (also known as W. M. and A. Motor
Lines, Inc.) Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 313, October Term, 1950. National Labor Relations Board, pe-
titioner, v. International Rice Milling Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 338, October Term, 1950. Jack B. Tenney, the Senate Fact-
Findings Committee on Un-American Activities (a California Legis-
lative Committee), et al., petitioners, v. William Patrick Brandhove;
No. 387, October Term, 1950. United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America, District Council of Kansas City, Missouri,
and Vicinity, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 399, October Term, 1950. Jack H. Breard, appellant, v. City of
Alexandria;
No. 421, October Term, 1950. Reginald Hammerstein, petitioner, v.
The Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the County
of Los Angeles, et al.;
No. 453, October Term, 1950. Ray H. Garner et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Public Works of the City of Los Angeles et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
19
No. 466, October Term, 1950. West Texas Utilities Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 511, October Term, 1950. Beatrice Sickman, Paul L. Ryal, Ken-
neth L. Martin, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 611, October Term, 1950. Joe Maloy, petitioner, v. State of
Florida;
No. 652, October Term, 1950. Carl E. Ring, petitioner, v. Harold
Spina, Edward Heyman, Walter Hannan and the Author's League
of America, Inc.;
No. 655, October Term, 1950. Aurea Calderon, Ruby Calderon, and
James Calderon, petitioners, v. Maurice J. Tobin, Secretary of Labor,
and Employees Compensation Appeals Board;
No. 661, October Term, 1950. Fred A. Carlson, E. D. Ditto, Smiley
F. Griffey, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 667, October Term, 1950. Oro Fino Consolidated Mines, Incor-
porated, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 680, October Term, 1950. Auckland Holmes, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 691, October Term, 1950. T. C. Saucier, petitioner, v. State of
Texas; and
No. 714, October Term, 1950. Eastern Air Lines., Inc., petitioner,
v. Civil Aeronautics Board. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are severally denied.
No. 336, October Term, 1950. Eugene Dennis, John B. Williamson,
Jacob Stachel, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to file supplemental petition for rehearing is
granted. The motion for leave to file brief of Richard E. Westbrooks
and Earl B. Dickerson, as amici curiae, is denied. The petitions for
rehearing are denied. The motion for leave to file petitions for re-
hearing of order limiting certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Black is
of the opinion the petition for rehearing of the order limiting certi-
orari should be granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 656, October Term, 1950. Frederick E. Anderson, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 374, Misc., October Term, 1950. Heinrich Roedel, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 458, Misc., October Term, 1950. Rogers Henry Porch, peti-
tioner, v. State of Georgia;
No. 469, Misc., October Term, 1950. In the Matter of the Applica-
tion of Anna M. Phyle on behalf of William Jerome Phyle; and
No. 521, Misc., October Term, 1950. Frank Green, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are severally denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
20
No. 409, Misc., October Term, 1950. Fred Tate, appellant, v. Peo-
ple of the State of California et al. The second petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 2, Misc. W. A. Scholl, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 3, Misc. W. E. Lanham, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Robert L.
Howell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.
No. 4, Misc. Thomas A. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 8, Misc. Nils Aresen, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 10, Misc. Cleveland Thompson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 11, Misc. Everett D. Hewitt, petitioner, v. City of Jacksonville.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 12, Misc. Edmond A. Rohde, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 13, Misc. Joseph Grenya, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 14, Misc. William W. Coble, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, J. W. Claudy, Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 17, Misc. Joseph Riehl, petitioner, v. Erwin C. Gackenback,
Warden, Northampton County Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 18, Misc. Bernie Beason, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 20, Misc. Harry Eyer, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden of the Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 21, Misc. David MacBlain, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
21
No. 22, Misc. William L. Cronholm, petitioner, v. Robert E.
Murphy, Warden, New York State Prison. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 23, Misc. Albert Bandi, petitioner, v. Dr. J. W. Claudy,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 24, Misc. Juan Supero, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 26, Misc. Frances J. Mays, Administratrix of the Estate of
Moses A. Mays, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Co. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 27, Misc. Roy Bute, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 28, Misc. Edward Hogan, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 30, Misc. Nell Sanders Aspero, petitioner, v. Memphis and
Shelby County Bar Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 31, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. David Darcy,
petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy, Warden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 34, Misc. Steve Bielenski, petitioner, v. Bound Brook Oil-Less
Bearing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 36, Misc. Morgan A. Israel, petitioner. v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of California Prison at Folsom. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 38, Misc. Carl Frisco, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis, Warden,
Ohio State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Franklin County, Ohio, denied.
No. 39, Misc. John J. Berger, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the State
of Colorado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Colorado denied.
No. 40, Misc. John W. Armstrong, Jr., petitioner, v. Missouri-
Kansas-Texas Railroad Co. of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Civil Appeals of the State of Texas, Fifth Supreme
Judicial District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
22
No. 44, Misc. John R. Brooks, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 46, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden of Menard Branch of Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Lee County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 47, Misc. Ralph Brink, petitioner, v. Crawford County Court
Officials, Meadville, Pennsylvania, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 51, Misc. Roland R. Pitts, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 52, Misc. Everett C. Lyle, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 54, Misc. James Richardson, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 55, Misc. Walter Pekovitch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 56, Misc. Herbert John Burgman, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 57, Misc. William Beatty, petitioner, v. Dr. J. W. Claudy,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 58, Misc. Simon J. Nash, on behalf of Sergeant Takishi Hashi-
moto, et al., petitioner, v. General of the Army Douglas MacArthur
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 59, Misc. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v. John J. O'Brien,
Warden, Massachusetts State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 61, Misc. Jesse Williams, petitioner, v. Union Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. Luther Terry, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
23
No. 64, Misc. Lucien Burns, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 67, Misc. Matthew Nelson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 68, Misc. Patrick J. Hirons, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 69, Misc. Joseph Kennedy, petitioner v. R. N. Eidson, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 70, Misc. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 72, Misc. Allan Coulter et al., petitioners, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 73, Misc. Donald Borday, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 74, Misc. David Banks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 75, Misc. Joseph Lukie, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 76, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. Henry E. Jacques,
Warden of the Branch State Prison, Marquette, Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 80, Misc. Lloyd Woodson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Pike
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 83, Misc. James R. Bruno, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied.
No. 84, Misc. Oscar O. Frazier, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for certiorari to the Court
of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 85, Misc. Russell Gehant, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
24
No. 86, Misc. Carl S. Seely, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 89, Misc. In the Matter of Elizabeth Sprague, petitioner. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 90, Misc. Claude Boone, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 91, Misc. Ralph Bindrin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Ilinois, denied.
No. 92, Misc. James Zeman, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 93, Misc. John H. Johnson, petitioner, v. Illinois Supreme
Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 95, Misc. Roman Barutha, d/b/a R. B. Trucking Co., peti-
tioner, v. George D. Prentice, Jr., Trustee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 97, Misc. Fred C. Maringer, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Ptition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 100, Misc. Clark Tipton, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, First Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 102, Misc. Andrew Presecan, petitioner, v. J. W. Claudy,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 104, Misc. Daniel David Mack, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 106, Misc. Ralph Melvin Cannon, Jr., petitioner, v. People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 107, Misc. George S. Miller, petitioner, v. Superintendent of
Spring Grove State Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 110, Misc. Hyman Goldberg, petitioner, v. Robert Moses, Park
Commissioner of the City of New York, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 111, Misc. Billy Anderson, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, California State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
25
No. 112, Misc. Fred G. Schultz, petitioner. v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 114, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri de-
nied.
No. 19, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
also denied.
No. 33, Misc. Jesse Willard Connor, petitioner, v. State of Florida;
No. 50, Misc. Stanley D. Lawson, petitioner, v. C. J. Shuttleworth,
Warden, Federal Correctional Institution;
No. 62, Misc. Jesse Bowe, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia Penitentiary; and
No. 78, Misc. William D. Kerr, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of the California State Prison at Folsom. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus in these cases severally
denied.
No. 77, Misc. Albert Mulvey, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan;
No. 99, Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Chicago Police De-
partment; and
No. 103, Misc. Benjamin A. Joslin, petitioner, v. Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of Michigan et al. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of mandamus in these cases severally denied.
No. 1, Misc. In re Disbarment of Lewis E. Barnes.
It having been reported to the Court that Lewis E. Barnes, of
Washington, D. C., has been disbarred from the practice of the law
by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia; and
this Court by order of May 7, 1951, having suspended the said Lewis
E. Barnes from the practice of the law in this Court and directed
that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred;
And it appearing that the rule to show cause was duly issued and
served upon the respondent, and that the time within which to file a
return to the rule has expired;
It is ordered that the said Lewis E. Barnes be, and he is hereby, dis-
barred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be
stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the
bar of this Court.
No. 6, Misc. Standard Oil Company of California et al., petition-
ers, v. United States of America. Leave granted petitioners to with-
draw the motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1951
26
No. 37, Misc. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Application denied.
No. 53, Misc. Albert Spader, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of certiorari and habeas corpus denied.
No. 60, Misc. MacArthur Mining Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States Circuit Court of Appeals, Eighth Circuit, et al. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition denied.
No 65, Misc. James Di Stefano et al., petitioners, v. Hilda Beondy
et al. Application denied.
No. 66, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director of Corrections of California, et al. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari and habeas corpus denied.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harvey L.
Carignan. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for the petitioner and Mr.
Harold J. Butcher for the respondent.
No. 94. Agapita Gallegos, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. Argued
by Mr. Robert G. Simmons, Jr., for the petitioner, and Mr. Homer
L. Kyle and Mr. Walter E. Nolte for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 9, will be as follows: Nos. 6 (and
7), 10, 11, 12, 14, 18, 25, 22, 30, and 23.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
27
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Frank W. Shelton, Jr., of Westfield, N. J.; Charles W. Hill, of
Pittsburg, Kans.; Ira Ratner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Francis T.
Martorana, of New York, N. Y.; William P. Schweppe, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Milton C. Grace, of Alexandria, Va.; Noel C. Stevenson, of
Yuba City, Calif.; and Edward J. Kilmartin, of Oakland, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Charles F. Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, petitioner, v. Delbert O. Stark et al.; and
No. 7. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Delbert O. Stark et al. Argued by Mr. Neil Brooks for the
petitioner in No. 6, and Mr. Edward B. Hanify for the respondents,
and case submitted by Mr. Seward A. Miller, Mr. Frederic P. Lee,
and Mr. Maurice A. Gellis for the petitioner in No. 7.
No. 10. United States of America, ex rel. William H. Giese, peti-
tioner, v. Lieutenant General Steven J. Chamberlin, Commanding
General of the Fifth Army, et al. Argued by Mr. Albert E. Hallett
for the petitioner and Mr. John F. Davis for the respondents.
No. 12. Joseph Edward Morissette, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Andrew J. Transue for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos.
12, 14, 18, 25, 22, 30, 23, 3, 2, and 79.
Х
952806-51-6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
28
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Meyer Green, of Manchester, N. H.; Stanley M. Brown, of Man-
chester, N. H.; Albert M. Crawford, of Prescott, Ariz.; Charles L.
Coolahan, of Washington, D. C.; Raymond E. Stefferson, of New
York, N. Y.; F. Harold Bennett, of Chicago, Ill.; Lloyd A. Phillips,
of Sacramento, Calif.; Harrison W. Call, of Oakland, Calif.; Thomas
A. Law, of Huntington Park, Calif.; and Daniel V. O'Keeffe, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 12. Joseph Edward Morissette, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument continued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Andrew J. Transue for petitioner.
No. 14. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert
Fortier et al. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for petitioner and by
Mr. Stanley M. Brown for respondents.
No. 18. Peter Alfons Bindczyck, petitioner, v. Thomas G. Finu-
cane, individually and as Chairman of the Board of Immigration
Appeals, et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Fanelli for the petitioner
and Mr. James L. Morrisson for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow, October 11, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 25,
22, 30, 23, 3, 2, 79, 83, 26, and 17.
✓
952806-51-7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
29
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Armand F. Jones, of Toms River, N. J.; Paul V. Hutchins, of
Detroit, Mich.; Charles K. Chaplin, of Washington, D. C.; Charles
E. Hutsler, of Washington, D. C.; David I. Kraushaar, of New York,
N. Y.; Edward H. Moler, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and Paul M.
Runnestrand, of Balboa Heights, C. Z., were admitted to practice.
No. 25. Sutphen Estates, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America, Loew's, Inc., Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. Argued by Mr.
H. C. Pickering for the appellant; by Mr. Charles H. Weston for
appellee, The United States; and by Mr. Joseph M. Proskauer for
appellees Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc., et al.
No. 22. Evelyn C. Gardner, petitioner, v. Panama Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation. Argued by Mr. Eugene Eisenmann for petitioner
and by Mr. Thomas J. Maginnis for respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 15, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 23,
3, 2, 79, 83, 26, and 17.
✓
952806-51——8

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
30
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
N. Everett Frey, of Elkton, Ky.; Samuel L. Zuravsky, of Columbus,
Ohio; Guy R. Martin, of Columbus, Ohio; Edward S. Szukelewicz,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Walter D. McClain, of Denver, Colo.; Stanley W.
Caufield, of El Paso, Tex.; Arthur C. O'Meara, of Chicago, Ill.;
Ralph Porzio, of Boonton, N. J.; Richardson Bronson, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Harry P. Levowich, of Boston, Mass.; C. William Caruso,
of East Orange, N. J.; Richard J. Congleton, of Newark, N. J.; How-
ard Seymour Goldin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Emma P. Lum, of San
Francisco, Calif.; William Sanders Gramling, of Miami, Fla.; Isaac
I. Bender, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert John Griffith, of East Orange,
N. J.; Herbert G. Schoepke, of Mamaroneck, N. Y.; Edward Brodkey,
of Chicago, Ill.; Frank J. Buldain, of Waco, Tex.; Arthur Gettleman,
of Chicago, Ill.; Alonzo J. Drummond, of White Plains, N. Y.;
Charles R. Garry, of San Francisco, Calif.; John Leonard Kearney,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Joseph J. Karlin, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 147. John J. Muth, petitioner, v. Aetna Oil Co., Johnston
Drilling Co., Inc., Fred J. Keck, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judge-
ment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to
that court for the purpose of determining whether there was juris-
diction by virtue of diversity of citizenship. Mr. Justice Black
dissents.
No. 159. Florida Railroad and Public Utilities Commission et al.,
appellants, v. Altantic Coast Line Railroad Company. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida.
Per Curiam: The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to
the District Court for further consideration in the light of Alabama
Public Service Comm'n v. Southern Railway Co., 341 U. S. 341.
No. 283. George B. Franklin, Sr., and George B. Franklin, Jr.,
appellants, v. The Board of Commissioners of the Tensas Basin Levee
952806-51-9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
31
District. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per Curi-
am: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Eldridge v. Trezevant,
160 U. S. 452; Wolfe v. Hurley, 283 U. S. 801. Mr. Justice Minton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 289. Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company et al.
v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States v. American
Sheet & Tin Plate Co., 301 U. S. 402; United States v. United States.
Smelting Co., 339 U. S. 186. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 203. The United States of America, appellant, v. Ernest F.
Pearson. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The appeal is dismissed on motion of counsel for
the appellant.
No. 120. Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson Blakeney, Joseph
Hutch Patterson and Jack Alexander, appellants, v. The Board of
Trustees of the University of Tennessee, etc., et al. Further con-
sideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case
and of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case
on the merits.
No. 282. Swift and Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 10. United States of America, ex rel. William H. Giese, peti-
tioner, v. Lieutenant General Steven J. Chamberlin, Commanding
General of the Fifth Army, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is
affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Minton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 143. Verna Leib Sutton, petitioner, v. R. Wells Leib. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 167. Boyce Motor Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
32
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 186. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Roane-Anderson Company
et al.; and
No. 187. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Carbide and Carbon Chemi-
cals Corporation et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Tennessee granted and cases transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 229. Warren H. Pillsbury and Albert J. Cyr, Deputy Commis-
sioners for the Thirteenth Compensation District, etc., petitioners,
v. United Engineering Company, a corporation, Firemen's Fund In-
surance Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 231. Anna Desper, Administratrix of the Estate of Thomas J.
Desper, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. Starved Rock Ferry Company,
a corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 172. Eric G. Kaufman and Aenni C. Kaufman, petitioners, v.
Societe Internationale Pour Participations Industrielles et Commer-
ciales, S. A., etc., et al.; and
No. 178. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation, A. G., petitioner, v. J.
Howard McGrath, Attorney General and as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and the cases
transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 224. Public Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia,
Capital Transit Company, et al., petitioners, v. Franklin S. Pollak
and Guy Martin; and
No. 295. Franklin S. Pollak and Guy Martin, petitioners, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia, Capital Transit
Company, and Washington Transit Radio, Inc. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted. The motion for leave to file brief of Radio Cincin-
nati, Inc., et al., as amici curiae in No. 224 is denied.
No. 40. Lillian Lynn, petitioner, v. Jay J. Lynn. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 137. Jack Bazzell, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
33
No. 138. William Alonzo Lasby, Jr., and Raymond Edward Ryan,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 218. G. Ricordi and Company, petitioner, v. Paramount Pic-
tures, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 220. Air Line Dispatchers Association, A. F. of L., and Marvin
C. Merrill, petitioners, v. The National Mediation Board, John Thad
Scott, Chairman, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 232. City and County of Honolulu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 233. C. A. Durr Packing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Frank
J. Shaughnessy, Collector of Internal Revenue for the 21st District
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lula Hickey
Thomas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 236. David R. Blake and Betty H. Blake, petitioners, v. Won-
der Products, Inc., a Michigan Corporation, and Edgar A. Isler.
Petition for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 237. A. Brigham Rose and Zelletta Rose Lori, Ltd., Incorpo-
rated, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 240. Daniel Partridge III, Executor of the Estate of Grace S.
Partridge, petitioner, v. Hanserd K. Presley, Executor of the Estate
of Helen Draper Hoffman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 241. Estate of Louis Solowey, by Lillian Halpern, Louis
Shapiro, and Bessie Solowey, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 106. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion to dispense with printing the petition and record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 199. Bruno A. Koehler and Hugo W. Ackermann, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
34
the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
is of the opinion certiorari should be granted. Dissenting memo-
randum filed by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 239. N. L. Hudson et al., petitioners, v. T. D. Lewis et al. The
motion to use the certified record in No. 262, October Term, 1947, and
to dispense with the printing thereof is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 244. American Fidelity and Casualty Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. All American Bus Lines, Inc., and Security Mutual Casualty
Company. The motion for leave to file brief of Rodman W. Keenon
and others as amici curiae is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 274, October Term, 1950. Autographic Register Co. v. Uarco,
Inc. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. Edwin L. Adams v. Irving Jensen et al. Application for
leave to docket this case denied.
No. 159, Misc. Ex Parte Gene Mitchell Gray et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is granted.
A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within 30 days, requiring the
respondents to show cause why the petition for writ of mandamus
should not be granted.
No. 94, Misc. Peter Dorsey, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 96, Misc. Woodrow H. Gauthier, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 98, Misc. Isaiah H. Spears, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 101, Misc. Roy Schechter, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden,
Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 108, Misc. John Sadowy, petitioner, v. Hon. Frederick A.
Moran, as Chairman of the New York State Board of Parole, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 109, Misc. Turman G. Wilson and Utah E. Wilson, petitioners,
v. The State of Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 115, Misc. Mary M. Riley, petitioner, v. George F. Titus et al.
(The United States). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
35
-No. 116, Misc. Dayton Dean, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 117, Misc. Joseph Rios, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 118, Misc. Leo Michalowski, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 119, Misc. Joseph Mangan, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 120, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-,
fornia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of the State of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 122, Misc. Anthony Scialabba, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 128, Misc. Amos Doris Cooper, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 129, Misc. Harold A. Gadsen, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 130, Misc. William Howard, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 132, Misc. Jake Hinley, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 137, Misc. Walter W. Bender, petitioner, v. P. A. Lainson,
Warden of the Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 139, Misc. James Mandell, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, California State Prison at Folsom. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 125, Misc. Dewey Gilmore, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden, U. S. Medical Center. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 131, Misc. M. Fitzallen Pridgen, petitioner, v. Paul Bubella
et al. Application denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1951
36
No. 145, Misc. Jasper Johnson, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Dismissed on motion
of petitioner.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 22, until Mon-
day, November 5, next.
No. 23. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Herman Hay-
man. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner and Mr. Paul
A. Freund for the respondent.
No. 3. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jesse W. Jeffers,
Jr. Argued by Miss Beatrice Rosenberg for petitioner and by Mr.
T. Emmett McKenzie for respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 2,
79, 83, 26, and 17.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
37
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Frank A. Pellegrini, of Seattle, Wash.; J. Kerwin Rooney, of Oak-
land, Calif.; John J. Enright, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward F. Conlin, of
Ann Arbor, Mich.; Robert L. H. Rice, of Dallas, Tex.; Roy E. James,
of Palmerton, Pa.; Richard Taylor Cardall, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Robert Whitney Barker, of Ogden, Utah; and Arthur V. Watkins,
of Orem, Utah, were admitted to practice.
No. 2. George Stefanelli, Jerry Malanga, Joseph Maglione, and
Frank D'Innocenzio, petitioners, v. Duane E. Minard, Jr., Prosecutor
for Essex County, New Jersey, et al. Argued by Mr. Mordecai
Michael Merker for the petitioners and by Mr. Charles Handler and
Mr. Richard J. Congleton for the respondents.
No. 79. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. Argued by Mr. Franklin C. Stark for
petitioner and by Mr. Clarence A. Linn for respondent.
No. 83. Antonio Richard Rochin, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Argued by Mrs. Dolly Lee Butler and Mr. A. L.
Wirin for the petitioner and by Mr. Howard S. Goldin for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, October 17, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos.
26, 17, and -, Stack v. Boyle.
☑
952806-51-10

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Gordon B. Severance, of Los Angeles, Calif.; David Levinson, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Theodore L. Hazlett, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
Samuel Duker, of New York, N. Y.; and Herman Moskovitz, of
Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 26. The Lorain Journal Company, Samuel A. Horwitz, Isadore
Horwitz, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Argued
by Mr. William E. Leahy for the appellants and Mr. Solicitor General
Perlman for the appellee.
No. 17. Thomas P. McMahon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and United States Maritime Commission. Argued by Mr.
Paul M. Goldstein for the petitioner and Mr. Leavenworth Colby for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 18, will be as follows: No.-,
Stack v. Boyle.
☑
952806--51-11

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Malcolm B. Montgomery, of Jackson, Miss.; and Benjamin Mar-
golis, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No.. Loretta Starvus Stack et al. v. James J. Boyle, United States
Marshal. On motion for bail and petition for writ of habeas corpus
referred to the Court by Mr. Justice Douglas. Argued by Mr.
Benjamin Margolis and Mr. A. L. Wirin for Stack et al., and by Mr.
Solicitor General Perlman for Boyle.
Adjourned until Monday, October 22, at 12 o'clock.
952806-51-——12

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1951
40
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Arthur A. Cohen, of Newport, R. I.; Otto Kerner, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill.; Bill Justin Williams, of Fayetteville, Tenn.; J. McHenry Jones,
of Pensacola, Fla.; Thomas J. Ryan, of New York, N. Y.; Vincent P.
McCauley, of Columbus, Ga.; Kenneth M. McEwen, of New York,
N. Y.; Berry C. Williams, of Fayetteville, Tenn.; Stanley W. Slagg,
of Edgerton, Wis.; George W. Overton, of Chicago, Ill.; Ellis V.
Gregory, of Kensington, Md.; Adrian B. Campbell, of Arlington,
Va.; James C. Denton, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla.; Theodore French, of
Chevy Chase, Md.; John S. Palmore, Jr., of Henderson, Ky.; James
E. Hunt, of Henderson, Ky.; A. Mark Levien, of New York, N. Y.;
Albert L. Ely, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Bradley J. Schaeffer, of Day-
ton, Ohio; Harold Webster Perry, of Denver, Colo.; W. D. Girand,
Jr., of Hobbs, N. Mex.; Ira Jefferson Allen, of Houston, Tex.; Hal J.
Webb, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Hong, of New York, N. Y.;
Ernest G. Young, of Springfield, Ill.; Jack L. Cohen, of Newark,
N. J.; Emil C. Rassman, of Midland, Tex.; Charles Sapp, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; and Frank E. Gettleman, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 78. Marianna Von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of Detroit House of Correction. It is ordered that
G. Leslie Field, Esquire, of Detroit, Michigan, a member of the bar of
this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this
case.
No. 375. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. It is ordered that Nathaniel L.
Nathanson, Esquire, of Chicago, Illinois, a member of the bar of this
Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 280. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union
et al., petitioners, v. Juneau Spruce Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
952806-51-
-13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1951
41
No. 87, Misc. Joseph B. Bruner, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted and the case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary docket.
No. 201, October Term, 1950. Harry Sacher et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing granted. The
order entered June 4, 1951, denying certiorari is vacated and the
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit is granted. The sole question for review is: Was the charge
of contempt, as and when certified, one which the accusing judge was
authorized under Rule 42 (a) to determine and punish himself; or
was it one to be adjudged and punished under Rule 42 (b) only by a
judge other than the accusing one and after notice, hearing, and
opportunity to defend? The motion for leave to file brief of National
Lawyers Guild as amicus curiae is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 77. Pacific Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari
in this case dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 219. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Louis
Visintainer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 245. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's
Union, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Walter D. Ackerman, Jr., individually
and as Attorney General of the Territory of Hawaii, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 251. Henry C. Wilson and Edith Y. Edwards, as Executors
under the Last Will and Testament of Lewis G. Young, deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Frank W. Kraemer, as Collector of Internal Revenue for
the District of Connecticut, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 252. John D. McNabb, petitioner, v. Katherine T. Slater et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 254. American Steel Foundries, petitioner, v. Holland Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 260. Ann Arbor Press, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1951
42
No. 261. Standard Paving Company, a dissolved corporation, ap-
pearing through I. V. Gray, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 263. Armour and Company, Swift and Company, The Cudahy
Packing Company, et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul
and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 267. Southwest Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 268. American Fidelity and Casualty Company and Capital
Motor Lines, petitioners, v. Manufacturers Casualty Insurance Com-
pany, Successor to Pennsylvania Casualty Company, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 269. Ralph W. Moore, petitioner, v. Charles F. Brannan, Sec-
retary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 270. Helen Blesi Pearson and J. Charles Pearson, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 274. The United States of America, petitioner, v. 88 Cases,
etc., "Bireley's Orange Beverage," General Foods Corp., claimant.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 284. Leon Falk, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 256. Frank B. Killian and Company, petitioner, v. Allied
Latex Corporation and Howard G. Strauss; and
No. 257. Youngs Rubber Corporation, petitioner, v. Allied Latex
Corporation. Motions for leave to file briefs of J. Calvin Brown as
amicus curiae denied. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
the opinion that petitions should be granted.
No. 258. John Stefanidis et al., petitioners, v. Stellios Kakaroukas,
as Master et al. Motion to dispense with printing the petition, brief,
and record, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 259. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. Park Steam-
ship Company, Ltd. Motion for leave to file brief of States Marine

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1951
43
Corp. et al., as amici curiae, denied. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 262. Joseph B. Michel, petitioner, v. Louisville and Nashville
Railroad Company. Motion to dispense with printing the petition
and portions of the record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 277. In re John W. Carter. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 25, Misc. Sylvester Middlebrooks, Jr., petitioner, v. John D.
Ross, Sheriff of Santa Barbara County, California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146, Misc. Robert G. Van Beek, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 151, Misc. John J. Holly, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, John W. Claudy, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 152, Misc. Julius Bayken, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 158, Misc. Gerald A. Coranato, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 160, Misc. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 164, Misc. August Karhu, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan and
the Circuit Court for the County of Ontongan, Michigan, denied.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus also denied.
No. 124, Misc. In re Disbarment of Albert Woodruff Gray. It is
ordered that Albert Woodruff Gray, of New York City, be suspended
from the practice of the law in this Court and that a rule issue, re-
turnable within forty days, requiring him to show cause why he
should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
No. 153, Misc. Charles Alberts, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 161, Misc. Ex parte John Weber, petitioner. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. Mr. Justice Jackson

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1951
44
and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
No. 166, Misc. Dan Williams, petitioner, v. The United States.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 5, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 5, will be as follows: Nos. 38,
80 (81 and 82), 95, 96, 375, 11, and 30.
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
45
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice.
Minton.
John F. Cherry, of Leesburg, Fla.; Irwin A. Seibel, of Washington,
D. C.; Benjamin Forman, of Silver Spring, Md.; Joseph Langbart,
of Washington, D. C.; Ruth W. Loomis, of Honolulu, T. H.; Ernest
R. Purdum, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Alexandre de Baillet-Latour, of
New York, N. Y.; Arthur D. Wingebach, of New York, N. Y.; John L.
Mace, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry D. Appel, of West New York,
N. J.; Charles A. Malloy, of Trenton, N. J.; John D. Calamari, of
New York, N. Y.; Raymond A. Smith, of Council Bluffs, Iowa; James
D. Hill, of Burlington Iowa; David E. Varner, of Washington, D. C.;
Allen Kirkpatrick III, of Washington, D. C.; Lawrence E. Walsh, of
Altamont, N. Y.; Gerald D. Marcus, of San Francisco, Calif.; R. F.
Roberts, of Beaumont, Tex.; Alfred Kandel, of Baltimore, Md.;
Marvin W. Goodwyn, of Bessemer, Ala.; John A. Everhard, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Robert C. Eardley, of Chicago, Ill.; Evelle J. Younger,
of Pasadena, Calif.; John B. Cullen, of Washington, D. C.; Carlton
A. Walls, of New York, N. Y.; William E. Owen, of Washington,
D. C.; Ralph Stein, of Washington, D. C.; and Robert Van Der Voort,
of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 17. Thomas P. McMahon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and United States Maritime Commission. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 25. Sutphen Estates, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America, Loew's Incorporated, Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc., et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Appeal dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
952806-51--14

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
46
No. 400. Loretta Starvus Stack, Al Richmond, Philip Marshall
Connelly, et al., petitioners, v. James J. Boyle, United States marshal.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Motion to dispense with printing
petition and record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals vacated and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California
with directions to vacate its order denying petitioners' applications
for writs of habeas corpus and to dismiss the applications without
prejudice. Petitioners may move for reduction of bail in the criminal
proceeding so that a hearing may be held for the purpose of fixing
reasonable bail for each petitioner. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 22. Evelyn C. Gardner, petitioner, v. Panama Railroad Com-
pany, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the United States District Court for the Canal
Zone for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 79. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. Cause continued for such period as will enable
counsel for petitioner to secure a determination from the Supreme
Court of California as to whether the judgment herein was intended.
to rest on an adequate independent state ground or whether decision.
of the federal claim was necessary to the judgment rendered. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 301. Palmer Oil Corporation et al., appellants, v. Amerada
Petroleum Corporation et al.; and
No. 302. Kit C. Farwell et al., appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum
Corporation et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. The Court is advised that, on May 26, 1951, the Oklahoma
Legislature repealed Okla. Stat., 1945 (Supp. 1949), Tit. 52, §§ 286.1-
286.17, the constitutionality of which is drawn in question by these
appeals. The causes are therefore ordered continued for such period
as will enable appellants with all convenient speed to secure in an
appropriate state proceeding a determination as to the effect of this
repeal on the matters raised in these appeals.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
The Chief Justice said:
47
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 365. Kenneth Brooks, appellant, v. State of Mississippi; and
No. 366. E. J. Brooks, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motions
for leave the proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The appeals are
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C., § 1257 (2). Treating
the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as petitions for writs of
certiorari as required by 28 U. S. C., § 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 1. Georgia Railroad and Banking Co., appellant, v. Charles D.
Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. This case is restored to the
summary docket for reargument.
No. 317. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., appellant, v. State of Missouri.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Arnold L.
Dailey. The motion of appellee for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. It is ordered that Bernard Margolius, Esquire,
of Washington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed
to serve as counsel for the appellee in this case.
No. 100. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harold
Bloom, General Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors of Pavone Tex-
tile Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 275. The United States of America, ex rel. Hubert Jaegeler,
petitioner, v. Ugo Carusi, Commissioner of Immigration and Natural-
ization, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 299. The United States of America, petitioner, v. N. Walser
Edens and W. H. Corry, as Trustees of Carolina Mills, Inc., a cor-
poration of South Carolina, debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 100.
No. 300. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General
Engineering and Manufacturing Company, a corporation, debtor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 305. Cities Service Company and the Chase National Bank of
the City of New York, petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
48
General, Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 178.
No. 329. M. P. Mullaney, Commissioner of Taxation of the Terri-
tory of Alaska, petitioner v. Oscar Anderson and Alaska Fishermen's
Union. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 82, Misc. Yvette J. Madsen, petitioner, v. Nina Kinsella,
Warden of the United States Reformatory for Women. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 321. General Reinsurance Corp., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 242. Wiley H. Caddel, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 246. Fruehauf Trailer Company, petitioner, v. Anna Guse-
welle, Administratrix of the Estate of Earl Gusewelle, deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 265. Harold R. Love, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 276. W. Lee Clements and J. L. Britt, petitioners, v. R. W.
Bronaugh et al. (Commissioners of White River Drainage District
of Phillips and Desha Counties, Arkansas), et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 278. J. V. Peerson, petitioner, v. Viola Mitchell et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 279. Grant E. Rio, petitioner, v. State of Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 285. Alexander Guttmann, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
49
No. 290. Photochart, a Corporation, and Lorenzo Del Riccio, peti-
tioners, v. Photo Patrol, Inc., a Corporation, Pacific Turf Club,
Inc., a Corporation, American Teletimer Corporation, and Robert
A. Oswald. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 291. Freedman Brothers and Co. et al., petitioners, v. Orland
Ellis, Trustee of the Detroit Central Wholesale Grocery Company,
a Michigan Corporation, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 292. Hal R. Cox, Alyce Lee Cox, Floyd Caldwell, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 296. Joseph L. Switzer and Richard A. Ward, petitioners, v.
John A. Marzall, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 297. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. George P. Korte. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 298. Fredrica Clausen, doing business as Luzerne Hide and
Tallow Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 303. John Donald Walker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 306. Local Union No. 12, Progressive Mine Workers of
America, District 1, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board
and Rawalt Coal Company. Petition for writ of certiorai to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 307. The Clark Estate Company, a corporation, petitioner, v.
Alonzo H. Gentry, Commerce Trust Company, Esther Reyburn, et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 309. Louisville and Jefferson County Metropolitan Sewer
District, petitioner, v. The B. F. Goodrich Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 313. Theodore D. Lewis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 318. Di Giorgio Fruit Corporation and Di Giorgio Wine Com-
pany, petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
952806-51――15

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
50
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 319. Mrs. Beulah Fisher Lejeune, individually and as tutrix
for her minor children, petitioner, v. Excess Insurance Company of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 322. State of Utah, petitioner, v. Montgomery Ward and Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 324. Horace Baker, petitioner, v. Anderson Hotels of Okla-
homa, Inc., James Anderson, Nick Douvas, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 327. The United States of America and Harold R. Love, peti-
tioners, v. David W. Onan, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 330. Red Top Super Markets, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. H. W.
Findley, claimant of the Motor Vessel "Queen Anne." Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 332. J. B. Edwards, Secretary-Treasurer, Reliance Clay Prod-
ucts Company, etc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 338. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. T. H. McCasland,
N. W. Brillhart, Glenn Norville, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 340. Julius Hyman and Company, Julius Hyman, Individually
and as President and Director of Julius Hyman and Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. Velsicol Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 343. Oscar W. Ehrhorn, petitioner, v. International Match
Realization Company, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 347. Earl T. Ellis, Receiver of the Quantico Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Clifton B. Cates. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 348. Mary K. Ellis, petitioner, v. Girard Trust Company, sur-
viving Trustee under the will of George W. Nevil, deceased. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 238. Dorothea Quirk, administratrix de bonis non of the Estate
of Edward E. Quirk, deceased, petitioner, v. The New York, Chicago,
and St. Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
51
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 271. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Cecil E.
Foltz, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Clark are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 286. State of Missouri, ex rel. Southern Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Waldo C. Mayfield, Judge of the Circuit Court of the
City of Saint Louis, Missouri, and his successors, etc.; and
No. 287. State of Missouri, ex rel. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company, petitioner, v. David J. Murphy, Judge of the
Circuit Court of the City of Saint Louis, Missouri, and his successors,
etc. Motion to use the certified record in Nos. 15 and 16, October
Term, 1950, granted. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 308. E. A. Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 333. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 526, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Charles Kruszewski. Respondent's petition dated October
19, 1951, denied.
No. 511, October Term, 1950. Beatrice Sickman, Executrix, etc.,
Paul L. Ryal, Kenneth L. Martin, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 115. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 130. State of Georgia, petitioner, v. J. B. Wenger;
No. 164. Marcus Sigurjonnson, Jorgen Jorgensen, Ben Hodapp,
Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Trans-American Traders, Inc.; and
No. 19, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 43, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden, United States Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 45, Misc. Jacob Maislish, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
52
No. 48, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 81, Misc. Gene Nero, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 88, Misc. Lindsey Lee Martin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 126, Misc. William Turpin, Jr., petitioner, v. Warden of the
Green Haven Prison of the State of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 133, Misc. Lawson Odell, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 135, Misc. Howard Raymond Ford, petitioner, v. State of
Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana denied.
No. 138, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 141, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 148, Misc. Fred Charles Hawthorne, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden of the California State Prison at Folsom. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 154, Misc. George Sholter, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 173, Misc. Harold Konigsberg, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 175, Misc. Earnest Lee Potter, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 123, Misc. Richard S. MeMurrin, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion certiorari should
be granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1951
53
No. 79, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 144, Misc. C. W. Price, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Super-
intendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Application denied.
No. 157, Misc. Carl Edmond Owens, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 162, Misc. Gust Pappas, petitioner, v. Michigan Department
of Corrections et al. Application denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Tuesday, November 13, until
Monday, November 26, next.
No. 38. Dominic Palmer, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
Western State Penitentiary, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Argued by
Mr. Louis B. Schwartz for the petitioner and Mr. Leonard H. Leven-
son for the respondent.
No. 80. Edward J. Keenan, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
New Eastern State Penitentiary;
No. 81. Walter Jankowski, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, New
Eastern State Penitentiary; and
No. 82. Orville Foulke, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, New
Eastern State Penitentiary. Argued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the
petitioners and cases submitted by Mr. James W. Tracey, Jr., and
Mr. John H. Maurer for the respondent.
No. 95. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 96. Arthur La Frana, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 375. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Leave granted Mr. Calvin
Sawyier to appear and present oral argument pro hac vice for the
petitioner in No. 95, on motion of Mr. Nathaniel L. Nathanson.
Argument commenced by Mr. Nathaniel L. Nathanson for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 95
(96 and 375), 11, and 30.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
54
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Anargyros E. Camarinos, of Washington, D. C.; Paul F. Borden, of
Washington, D. C.; Harold B. Benedict, of Sacramento, Calif.;
Mitchel M. Carter, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Sumner Adams Brown,
of Boston, Mass.; Milton Daniel Zeddies, of St. Paul, Minn.; Joseph
Cain Wells, of Washington, D. C.; Mary Stella Rosenberg, of Tucson,
Ariz.; Grant W. Wiprud, of Alexandria, Va.; William J. Klima, of
Alexandria, Va.; Edward N. Logan, of Washington, D. C.; and Hugh
Stanton, of Memphis, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 95. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 96. Arthur La Frana, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 375. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Argument continued by Mr.
Nathaniel L. Nathanson for the petitioners; by Mr. Calvin Sawyier
for the petitioner in No. 95, pro hac vice by special leave of Court;
and concluded by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondents.
No. 11. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Wunderlich et al.
Argued by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner and by Mr. Harry
D. Ruddiman for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow, November 7, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 7, will be as follows: No. 30.
☑
952806-51-16

+
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
55
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 30. Florence J. M. Cook, petitioner, v. Arthur W. Cook.
Argued by Mr. Henry Lincoln Johnson, Jr., for the petitioner and
Mr. H. Mason Welch for the respondent.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 13, next, at 12 o'clock
☑
952806-51--17

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1951
56
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Rolla D. Mock, of Des Moines, Iowa; Jesse T. Edwards, of Valdosta,
Ga.; Clare E. Smith, of Athens, Ga.; Jacob S. Spiro, of Jersey City,
N. J.; Jack Gross, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Wm. Arthur Kelly, of Akron,
Ohio; John Richards Williams, of Lakewood, Ohio; William F.
McGehee, of Vicksburg, Miss.; Joseph Rothstein, of Boston, Mass.;
John R. Mahoney, of New York, N. Y.; Ralph R. Temple, of New
York, N. Y.; James E. O'Brien, of San Francisco, Calif.; David
Guntert, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Henry C. M. Lamkin, of St. Louis,
Mo.; H. Bernard Krulewitch, of Chicago, Ill.; Virginia Brennan, of
Omaha, Nebr.; Thos. S. Henderson, of Washington, D. C.; and
Jack R. Cluck, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 3. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jesse W. Jef-
fers, Jr. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson
and Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harvey L.
Carignan. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals modified as indi-
cated in the opinion of this Court, and as so modified, affirmed. The
case is remanded to the District Court for the Territory of Alaska
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
join. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 371. City of Newark, appellant, v. New Jersey Turnpike Au-
thority, a Corporation of New Jersey, et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss
952806-51-18

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1951
57
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Mexico
et al. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within 30 days, requir-
ing the defendants to show cause why leave to file the complaint
should not be granted.
No. 86. Howard Hughes, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion of appellant to strike certain items from appellee's
designation of parts of the record to be printed is granted except
as to the excerpts from the transcripts of oral argument specified by
appellee in its opposition to appellant's motion. Mr. Justice Jack-
son and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this motion.
No. 172. Eric G. Kaufman and Aenni C. Kaufman, petitioners, v.
Societe Internationale Pour Participations Industrielles et Commer-
ciales S. A., etc., et al. The motion to transfer this case from the sum-
mary docket is granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 178. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation, A. G., petitioner, v. J.
Howard McGrath, Attorney General and as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian. The motion to transfer this case from the
summary docket is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 224. Public Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia,
Capital Transit Company, et al., petitioners, v. Franklin S. Pollak
and Guy Martin; and
No. 295. Franklin S. Pollak and Guy Martin, petitioners, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia, Capital Transit
Company and Washington Transit Radio, Inc. The motion of Pol-
lak et al., to print additional portions of the record is granted.
No. 395. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 247. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, et al., peti-
tioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, et al.; and
No. 248. In the Matter of George L. Killion, petitioner. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1951
58
No. 349. First National Bank of Chicago, as Executor of the Estate
of John Louis Nelson, deceased, petitioner, v. United Air Lines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 314. American Can Company, petitioner, v. Bruce's Juices,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 315. Aleutian Livestock Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 320. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. State of California and David T.
Lock. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 326. Ralph Lassiter and T. W. Lee, petitioners, v. Edward
Roos and John A. Roos. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 328. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 337. Nabob Oil Company, a corporation, and O. O. Owens, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 339. Ray L. Batman and Edith B. Batman, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 342. Warren County, Mississippi, petitioner, v. C. E. Hester,
Sheriff, and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of Madison Parish, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 344. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The State of
Washington and E. C. Huntley, E. W. Anderson and Dinsmore Tay-
lor, as the Tax Commission of the State of Washington; and
No. 345. The State of Washington and E. C. Huntley, E. W. Ander-
son and Dinsmore Taylor, as the Tax Commission of the State of
Washington, petitioners, v. The B. F. Goodrich Company. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 350. Joseph Mogis, petitioner, v. Lyman Richey Sand and
Gravel Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 364. Harry Lerman et al., Co-partners Trading as Lerman
Brothers, petitioners, v. Fruit Processors, Inc., a corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1951
59
No. 325. State of Florida, ex rel. Virgil D. Hawkins, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Board of Control of Florida, a body corporate under the
laws of the State of Florida et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied for want of a final judgment.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certio-
rari should be granted.
No. 336. Anthony P. Giessler, petitioner, v. The United States.
Motion to dispense with printing the petition and record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 354. Lon Chrismond, petitioner, v. Mrs. Mabel Chrismond.
Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 10. United States of America, ex rel. William H. Giese, peti-
tioner, v. Lieut. General Steven J. Chamberlin, Commanding General
of the Fifth Army, et al.;
No. 75. Louise McGrew Moffett, as an individual and executrix of
the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, petitioner, v. Commerce Trust Com-
pany, a Corporation, et al.;
No. 141. A. Lester Marks, Elizabeth Loy Marks and Herbert M.
Richards, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 188. George Gillette, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 106. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 58, Misc. Simon J. Nash, on behalf of Sergeant Takishi
Hashimoto, et al., petitioner, v. General of the Army Douglas Mac-
Arthur et al.;
No. 70, Misc. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 120, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia et al. Petitions for rehearing in these cases severally denied.
No. 409, Misc., October Term 1950. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People
of the State of California et al. Third petition for rehearing denied.
No. 134, Misc. Elmer Davis and Estes Bright, petitioners, v. John
R. Cranor, as Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 136, Misc. Carley W. Taylor, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, as
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1951
60
No. 142, Misc. Mrs. Catherine Scott, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Joan C. Smith et al., petitioners, v. Morris Pollin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 170, Misc. John Phillips Medley, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eid-
son, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 171, Misc. Patrick Brennan, petitioner, v. Robert Murphy,
Warden, Auburn State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 172, Misc. Martin Pring, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 174, Misc. Frank Pat Murphy, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 176, Misc. Stanley J. Stodulski, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. Andrew J. Tomlinson, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 184, Misc. George W. Van Horn, petitioner, v. Browning Rob-
inson, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 185, Misc. Thomas Collins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 177, Misc. John P. Hackney, petitioner, v. Robert E. Warren,
State Board of Corrections. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 26, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 26, will be as follows: Nos. 1,
8, 35, 136, 46, 47, 62 (and 197), 85, 91, and 118.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
1
Marvin T. Johnson, of Phoenix, Ariz.: J. P. Shaw, of Tucson, Ariz.;
Emmett C. Angland, of Great Falls, Mont.; James J. Lewis, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Brunswick G. Deutsch, of New Orleans, La.; George Elton
Sims, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; Louis Joshua Hurwitz, of New York, N. Y.;
John D. Martin, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn.; John Robinson Wilkins, of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph T. Maioriello, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Al-
bert M. Felix, of Hilo, T. H.; Paul P. Watkins, of Atlanta, Ga.; Alan
N. Brown, of Detroit, Mich.; Benjamin H. Dorsey, of Washington,
D. C.; Marjorie M. Shostak, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Henry Mack,
of Fort Worth, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 11. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Wunderlich, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Reed concurs.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 18. Peter Alfons Bindczyck, petitioner, v. Thomas G. Finucane,
Individually and as Chairman of the Board of Immigration Appeals,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and that of the District Court reinstated. The case is re-
manded to the United States District Court for the District of Co-
lumbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Mr. Justice
Clark and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 94. Agapita Gallegos, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska.
Judgment affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed announced the judgment of
the Court and an opinion in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Dissenting opin-
952806-51-19

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
62
ion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Mr.
Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 80. Edward J. Keenan, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, New
Eastern State Penitentiary;
No. 81. Walter Jankowski, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, New Eastern State Penitentiary, etc.; and
No. 82. Orville Foulke, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, New
Eastern State Penitentiary, etc. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The judgments are reversed.
Townsend v. Burke, 334 U. S. 736. Dissenting memorandum filed by
Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 346. State of New York and the Public Service Commission
of the State of New York, appellants, v. The United States of America,
Interstate Commerce Commission and the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of New York. Per Curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr.
Justice Black dissents to the action of the Court disposing of the case
without oral argument. Dissenting memorandum filed by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 403. Local 333 B, United Marine Division of International
Longshoremen's Association (A.F.L.) an Unincorporated Associa-
tion, etc., appellant, v. Hon. John S. Battle, as Governor of the Com-
monwealth of Virginia. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 376. John K. Hess and William E. Rose, appellants, v. The
People of the State of California. Appeal from the District Court
of Appeal of the State of California, Second Appellate District. Per
Curiam: The motion to dispense with printing the jurisdictional
statement is granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 418. Myron Weberman, appellant, v. Rose Auster; and
No. 419. Aaron Donner, Zalman Blesofsky and Aaron M. Aber,
appellants, v. The People of the State of New York on the Complaint
of Abraham D. Silverman. Appeals from the Court of Appeals for
New York. Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion probable jurisdiction should be noted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
The Chief Justice said:
63
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 6. Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. An order is entered awarding compensation to
the Special Master and allowing his expenses to which Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this question.
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins. The
motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted.
No. 361. Armand Edward Blackmar, petitioner, v. L. F. Guerre,
Manager, Veterans' Administration, Regional Office No. 3021, New
Orleans, Louisiana, et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted and
the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 249. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Illinois
Bell Telephone Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 310. E. M. Watson, petitioner, v. L. G. Suddoth. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 341. State of California, Harry Theodore Petersen, Ida Peter-
sen, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 351. James M. Roberts and Evalina L. Roberts, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 355. The Panama Coca-Cola Bottling Company, petitioner, v.
Peggy Ruth Carmack and Ralph E. Carmack. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 356. John Jones, an Infant, by his Guardian Ad Litem Joseph
Jones, et al., petitioners, v. St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Op-
erating Under the Style and Name of St. Mary's Roman Catholic
School (Grammar). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 358. O. A. Kyle, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
1
:

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
64
No. 359. Grede Foundries, Inc., Iron Mountain Division, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 360. Nathan Katz, Individually and Suing on behalf of Him-
self and all other Common Stockholders of R. Hoe and Co., Inc.,
Similarly Situated, petitioner, v. R. Hoe and Co., Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 363. Charles R. King, Special Administrator of the Estate of
Thomas C. Carroll, deceased, petitioner, v. Nicholson Transit Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 367. ACF-Brill Motors Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 369. James Warfield et al., petitioners, v. H. M. Marks et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 377. Samuel M. Levy, petitioner, v. Lewis M. Dabney, Jr., as
Trustee of Associated Gas and Electric Company, Debtor, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 378. Universal Equipment Company, a Delaware Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Harvey Corporation, a Florida Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 380. William J. Pfister, J. F. Rider, and William Huey, peti-
tioners, v. Cow Gulch Oil Company, a Wyoming Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 381. Muriel F. McCarty et al., by Muriel F. McCarty, Guardian
Ad Litem, petitioners, v. R. R. Nelson, Administrator of the Estate
of Albie C. Sansbury et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 406. Ford Motor Company, a Delaware Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Margaret Bennett Pierce and Mary Bailey Mahone, Third-
party Defendant, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 174. James T. Haines, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
65
No. 288. Charles Mullen, petitioner, v. Fitz Simons and Connell
Dredge and Dock Co. Motion to dispense with printing the petition
and record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 353. Percy F. Hicks, petitioner, v. Debardelehen Coal Corpora-
tion, doing business as Coyle Lines, Inc. Motion to dispense with
printing the petition and record granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 148. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Societe Interna-
tionale pour Participations Industrielles et Commerciales, S. A.,
etc., et al.; and
No. 277. In re John W. Carter. The petitions for rehearing are
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of these applications.
No. 99. Obie Fauster Hunter et al., petitioners, v. C. D. Shepherd
et al.;
No. 137. Jack Bazzell, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
No. 199. Bruno A. Koehler and Hugo W. Ackermann, petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 205. Herman Weinmann, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, et al.;
No. 237. A. Brigham Rose and Zelletta Rose Lori, Ltd., Incor-
porated, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 283. George B. Franklin, Sr., and George B. Franklin, Jr.,
appellants, v. The Board of Commissioners of the Tensas Basin Levee
District;
No. 50, Misc. Stanley D. Lawson, petitioner, v. C. J. Shuttleworth,
Warden, Federal Correctional Institution;
No. 115, Misc. Mary M. Riley, petitioner, v. George F. Titus et al.;
and
No. 131. Misc. M. Fitzallen Pridgen, petitioner, v. Paul Bubella
et al. Petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 32, Misc. T. J. Hamilton, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 143, Misc. Wallace A. H. Wochnick, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal of the State of California, Second Appellate
District, denied.
No. 169, Misc. Sadye Forman, petitioner, v. Louis E. Wolfson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1951
66
No. 178, Misc. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. George A. Sutton et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 179, Misc. Earl Eddins, petitioner, v. State of West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals for
West Virginia denied.
No. 181, Misc. Earl Riggs, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson, Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 186, Misc. Richard B. Hamilton, petitioner, v. Clinton T.
Duffy, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 187, Misc. Lester Sparks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 188, Misc. Bud Lilly, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1. Georgia Railroad and Banking Company, appellant, v.
Charles D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. Reargued by Mr.
Furman Smith for the appellant and Mr. M. H. Blackshear, Jr., for
the appellee.
No. 35. Frank Carlson, Miriam Christine Stevenson, David Hyun
and Harry Carlisle, petitioners, v. Herman R. Landon, District Direc-
tor of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United States De-
partment of Justice. Argued by Mr. John T. McTernan for the peti-
tioners and Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 136. James W. Butterfield, Director of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. John Zydok. Argued by
Mr. John F. Davis for the petitioner and Mrs. Carol King for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 27, will be as follows: Nos. 46,
47, 62, (and 197), 85, 91, 118, 165, 169, 204, and 173.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Walter D. Van Riper, of Newark, N. J.; James F. Gardner, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Victor S. Peters, of Chicago, Ill.; Scott G. Rigby, of
Washington, D. C.; Carl R. Greimel, of Washington, D. C.; Richard
B. Berryman, of Washington, D. C.; Mary A. Di Dio, of Detroit,
Mich.; Beryl Harold Levy, of New York, N. Y.; Garrett Fuller, of
Washington, D. C.; and John Grimball, of Columbia, S. C., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 46. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Lucy
Jordan et al. Argued by Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the petitioner
and by Mr. John D. Martin, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 47. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel M.
Shannon, Patti A. Shannon, and W. L. Shannon. Argued by Mr.
Roger P. Marquis for the petitioner and by Mr. John Grimball for
the respondents.
No. 62. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company, petitioners, v.
Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation; and
No. 197. Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation, petitioner,
v. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company. Argued by Mr. Joseph
W. Henderson for Halcyon Lines et al., and Mr. Thomas E. Byrne, Jr.,
for Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation.
No. 85. Idonah Slade Perkins, petitioner, v. Benquet Consolidated
Mining Company, an Alien Business Association known as Sociedad
Anonima et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert N. Gorman for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 28, will be as follows: Nos.
85, 91, 118, 165, 169, 204, 173, 209, 180, and 158.
952806-51――20

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Manuel Ruiz, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry S. Flynn, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Howard G. Eley, of Greenville, Ohio; Theodore H. Bur-
gess, of Cleveland, Ohio; Allerton de Cormis Tompkins, of New York,
N. Y.; and Albert I. Zemel, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 85. Idonah Slade Perkins, petitioner, v. Benquet Consolidated
Mining Company, an Alien Business Association known as Sociedad
Anonima, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert N. Gorman for
the petitioner and by Mr. Lucien H. Mercier for the respondents and
concluded by Mr. Robert N. Gorman for the petitioner.
No. 91. The United States of America, appellant, v. Perry Hal-
seth. Argued by Mr. John R. Benney for the appellant and by Mr.
Horace J. Donnelly, Jr., for the appellee.
No. 118. Joseph Beauharnais, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Argued by Mr. Alfred A. Albert for the petitioner, and
by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondent. Leave granted pe-
titioner to file reply brief within one week.
No. 165. Norman H. Buck and Miguel R. Guerra, appellants, v.
The People of the State of California. Argument commenced by
Mr. Manuel Ruiz, Jr., for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 29, will be as follows: Nos.
165, 169, 204, 173, 209, 180, 158, 195, 253, and-374.
952806-51—21

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Seymour Weil, of New York, N. Y.; Norman S. Howell, of Kansas
City, Mo.; C. Lysle Smith, of Chicago, Ill.; and John Alden Powers,
of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 165. Norman H. Buck and Miguel R. Guerra, appellants, v.
The People of the State of California. Argument continued by Mr.
Duane J. Carnes for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Manuel Ruiz,
Jr., for the appellants.
No. 169. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to
the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Kaku Nagano. Argued
by Mr. James D. Hill for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward R. John-
ston for the respondent.
No. 204. Richard Guessefeldt, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, et al. Argued by Mr.
William W. Barron for the petitioner and by Mr. James D. Hill for
the respondents.
No. 173. Joseph T. Lykes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. George W. Ericksen for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Harry Baum for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 30, will be as follows: Nos. 173,
209, 180, 158, 195, 253, 374, 167, 20, and 162.
☑
952806-51-22

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
70
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Min-
H. Armistead Boyd, of Richmond, Va.; Jack Newton Herod, of
Richmond, Va.; Richard D. Drain, of Washington, D. C.; Ira H.
Morris, of Rochester, N. Y.; Herbert R. Silvers, of Washington, D. C.;
and Archie L. Walters, of Burbank, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 173. Joseph T. Lykes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument concluded by Mr. Harry Baum for the respond-
ent.
No. 209. The United States, petitioner, v. John Stuart Kelly et al.
Argued by Mr. Saul R. Gamer for the petitioner and by Mr. Henry
J. Fox for the respondents.
No. 180. Kerotest Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. C-O-Two
Fire Equipment Company. Argued by Mr. Walter J. Blenko for the
petitioner and by Mr. R. Morton Adams for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 3, will be as follows: Nos. 143,
158, 195, 253, 374, 167, 20, 162, 206 (43 and 264), and 186
(and 187).
☑
952806-51--23

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1951
71
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Harold D. Koffsky, of Washington, D. C.; William E. Foley, of
Danbury, Conn.; Nathan B. Lenvin, of Arlington, Va.; A. Robert
Ginsburgh, of Arlington, Va.; Leonard M. Campbell, of Denver, Colo.;
Ennis McCall, of Newton, Iowa; Joseph Halpern, of Somerville,
N. J.; Alexander Sacks, of New York, N. Y.; Charles R. Judge, of
St. Louis, Mo.; Arthur Attwood, of Trenton, N. J.; and Clarence
Clifton, Memphis, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 30. Florence J. M. Cook, petitioner, v. Arthur W. Cook. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Vermont.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme
Court of Vermont for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Burton
concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 2. George Stefanelli, Jerry Malanga, Joseph Maglione, and
Frank D'Innocenzio, petitioners, v. Duane E. Minard, Jr., Prosecutor
. for Essex County, N. J., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark concur in the result. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 95. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois;
No. 96. Arthur La Frana, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois; and
No. 375. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois. Judgments vacated and cases remanded to the Supreme
Court of Illinois for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 398. Horsman Dolls, Inc., appellant, v. Unemployment Com-
pensation Commission of New Jersey. Appeal from and on petition
952806-51 -24

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1951
72
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction, 28 U. S. C., Sec. 1257 (2). The petition for
writ of certiorari denied.
No. 410. The Interstate Commerce Commission, Baltimore & Ohio
Railroad Company, et al., appellants, v. The New York Central Rail-
road Company et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm
is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Reed dissent from the action of the Court in affirming without
oral argument.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins. It is
ordered that A. Stewart Kerr, Esquire, of Detroit, Michigan, be ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the respondent in this case.
No. 426. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence E.
Hood, Jr., Frank F. Mize, Bascom C. Beasley, et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 379. Ralph Casey, George La Clair, and Edward Plesa, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 159, Misc. Ex Parte Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson
Blakeney, Joseph Hutch Patterson, and Jack Alexander, petitioners.
This cause is set for hearing on the return to the rule to show cause.
It is assigned for argument immediately following No. 120 and both
cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 370. The United States, petitioner, v. Branch Banking and
Trust company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 383. Douglas Hotel Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 385. John J. McGirl and George Furst, Trustees of Solar
Manufacturing Corporation, petitioners, v. Ben Mintz and Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1951
73
No. 399. Coston Supply Company, Rudman and Scofield, Inc.,
Durkee Company, Inc., petitioners, v. Alejandro Pabellon and Grace
Line, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. Honorable Paul Leahy, Chief Judge of the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware and National Can Corpo-
ration, petitioners, v. The Canister Company and the Canister Com-
pany, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 382. Ambrose P. McCoy et al., petitioners, v. Providence
Journal Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 440. Dashiell Hammett and Alphaeus W. Hunton, petitioners,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 441. Frederick B. Field, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 656, October Term, 1950. Frederick E. Anderson, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing denied.
No. 128. Robert Risberg, petitioner, v. Duluth, Missabe and Iron
Range Railway Company, a Corporation. Motion for leave to file
brief of Warehouse Employees Union, Local 169, et al., as amici curiae
denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 256. Frank B. Killian and Company, petitioners, v. Allied
Latex Corporation and Howard G. Strauss;
No. 257. Youngs Rubber Corporation, petitioner, v. Allied Latex
Corporation;
No. 266. Edith O. Maske, petitioner, v. Washington, Marlboro and
Annapolis Motor Lines, Inc. (also known as W. M. and A. Motor
Lines, Inc.); and
No. 340. Julius Hyman and Company, Julius Hyman, Individually
and as President and Director of Julius Hyman and Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. Velsicol Corporation. Petitions for rehearing in these
cases are severally denied.
No. 167, Misc. Bernice Davis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of 11-
linois denied.
No. 192, Misc. Raul De Leon, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1951
74
No. 196, Misc. James Earnest Coker, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of the State of California, Third Appellate District
denied.
No. 197, Misc. Lawrence Janiec, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 199, Misc. James McBride, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 210, Misc. Nathaniel I. Becker, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 213, Misc. Leroy Switzer, petitioner, v. Circuit Court of Mc-
Donough County, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 191, Misc. James Nels Ekberg, petitioner, v. Richard A. Mc-
Gee, Director, California Department of Corrections, et al. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 202, Misc. Grant F. Casey, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Indiana, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
No. 208, Misc. William B. Herzka, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Application denied.
No. 212, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. Herbert H. Hann,
Warden, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas cor-
pus denied.
No. 6, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. The order of February 12, 1949, appointing Wil-
liam H. Davis, Esquire, of New York City, Special Master herein,
is continued and he is directed to conduct hearings and to submit to
this Court with all convenient speed his recommended answers to the
following questions, with a view to securing from this Court an order
for his further guidance in applying the proper principles of law
to the seven coastal segments enumerated in Groups I and II of the
Master's Report of May 31, 1949, ordered filed June 27, 1949, pp. 1
and 2 of said Report:
Question 1.-What is the status (inland waters or open sea) of
particular channels and other water areas between the mainland and
offshore islands, and, if inland waters, then by what criteria are the
inland water limits of any such channel or other water area to be
determined?
Question 2. Are particular segments in fact bays or harbors con-
stituting inland waters and from what landmarks are the lines mark-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1951
75
ing the seaward limits of bays, harbors, rivers, and other inland waters
to be drawn?
Question 3.-By what criteria is the ordinary low water mark on
the coast of California to be ascertained?
In holding hearings, the master is authorized to exclude such evi-
dence as he may deem immaterial or unduly cumulative in arriving
at his recommendations. Each party may make proffer or any part
of such excluded evidence in written form to this Court. Excluded
evidence so proffered shall accompany the record of proceedings
upon which the Master acted, but shall not be a part of that record.
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this question.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the case should be set for
argument with a view to narrowing and making more precise the
issues upon which evidence is to be heard.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 10, until
Wednesday, January 2, 1952.
No. 143. Verna Leib Sutton, petitioner, v. R. Wells Leib. Sub-
mitted by Mr. John Alan Appleman and Mr. Edward D. Bolton for
the petitioner and Mr. Arthur M. Fitzgerald for the respondent.
No. 158. Thomas B. Lilly and Helen W. Lilly, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Randolph E. Paul for
the petitioners and Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent.
No. 195. James Rutkin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Jack L. Cohen for the petitioner and by Mr.
Irving I. Axelrad for the respondent.
No. 253. Memphis Steam Laundry Cleaner, Inc., appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission of the State of Mississippi.
Argued by Mr. C. E. Clifton for the appellant and submitted by Mr.
J. H. Sumrall for the appellee.
No. 374. John F. Dice, petitioner, v. The Akron, Canton and
Youngstown Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Rice
A. Hershey for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos. 374,
167, 20, 162, 206 (43 and 264), 186 (and 187), 229, 231, and 280.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
76
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jackson E. Betts, of Findlay, Ohio; William C. Blind, of New
York, N. Y.; and Allison B. Humphreys, Jr., of Lebanon, Tenn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 374. John F. Dice, petitioner, v. The Akron, Canton and
Youngstown Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. Rice
A. Hershey for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. William A. Kelly
for the respondent.
No. 167. Boyce Motor Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Archie O. Dawson for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
No. 20. The United States of America, appellant, v. Louise Vir-
ginia Smith; and
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Arnold L.
Dailey. Argued by Mr. Robert S. Erdahl for the United States and
Mr. Bernard Margolius for the appellee in No. 162. No appearance
for appellee in No. 20.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos.
206 (43 and 264), 186 (and 187), 229, 231, and 280.
☑
952806-51-25

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William J. O'Brien, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph Floyd Atchison, of
Fremont, Mich.; Solon B. Kemon, of Washington, D. C.; Allan Brot-
sky, of San Francisco, Calif.; Manley B. Strayer, of Portland, Oreg.;
Harold A. Friedman, of Schenectady, N. Y.; Edw. R. Kay, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Joseph R. Grillo, of South Gate, Calif.; and Sher-
man S. Cohen, of Rochester, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 206. Luigi Mascitti, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General of the United States;
No. 43. Peter Harisiades, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization of the Port of
New York; and
No. 264. Dora Coleman, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General of the United States, and A. R. Mackey, acting Commis-
sioner of Immigration and Naturalization. Argued by Mr. Jack
Wasserman for the appellant in No. 206; by Mr. Richard F. Watt for
the petitioner in No. 43; by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellees in
Nos. 206 and 264 and respondent in No. 43; and by Mr. David Rein
for the appellant in No. 264.
No. 186. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Roane-Anderson Company
et al.; and
No. 187. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Carbide and Carbon Chemicals
Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr. Allison B. Humphreys, Jr., for the
petitioner; by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the Intervenor-respondent and
submitted by Mr. S. Frank Fowler for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
229, 231, and 280.
☑
952806-51―――――26
P

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Henry T. Powell, of Washington, D. C.; Robert J. Fay, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Thomas Reuben Bell, of Sylacauga, Ala.; Charles Wolff,
of Chicago, Ill.; Roscoe G. Sappenfield, of Geneva, Ill.; Louis G.
Davidson, of Chicago, Ill.; George D. Sullivan, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.;
and Wilbert George Schwer, of Sandusky, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 229. Warren H. Pillsbury and Albert J. Cyr, Deputy Commis-
sioners for the Thirteenth Compensation District, etc., petitioners, v.
United Engineering Company, a Corporation, Firemen's Fund Insur-
ance Company et al. Argued by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Edward R. Kay for the respondent.
No. 231. Anna Desper, Administratrix of the Estate of Thomas J.
Desper, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. Starved Rock Ferry Company, a
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Joseph D. Ryan for the petitioner and
by Mr. Charles T. Shanner for the respondent.
No. 280. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's
Union et al., petitioners, v. Juneau Spruce Corporation. Argued by
Mr. Richard Gladstein and Mr. Allan Brotsky for the petitioners and
Mr. Manley B. Strayer for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
952806-51-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark,
and Mr. Justice Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mrs. Black, wife of MR. JUSTICE BLACK, died on Friday last.
"Josephine Foster Black was a sweet and gracious lady—every day
of her life. She combined the friendliness and warmth of the South
with the stern discipline of the Scotch Presbyterian faith. She carried
herself with dignity and brought to Washington a tolerance and
understanding that made her universally beloved. She walked as
a lady in the most elegant of drawing rooms and in the most humble
of homes.
"Her consuming interest was her family, and yet she found time
for many diverse activities outside the home. As a Gray Lady during
the war years, she brought comfort and sympathy to the sick and
wounded. In community causes, she was always found aiding the
under-privileged. The oppressed of all races and religions knew her
instinctively as a friend. Yet in spite of her wide interests and activi-
ties, she found time in recent years to develop her talents as a painter.
Her works of art are receiving wider and wider recognition and reach-
ing an ever-increasing audience.
"Whatever her expression-whether as mother, wife, hostess, artist,
friend-it was always friendly and gentle. She showed by her life
the great richness of love.
"As a mark of our sorrow and affection for our brother, MR. JUSTICE
BLACK, and his family, and our respect and affection for Mrs. Black,
the Court will transact no business today, will attend the funeral
services in a body, and will adjourn until tomorrow."
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
☑
952806-51-28

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1951
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Nathan Grossgold, of New York, N. Y.; Michael V. DiSalle, of
Toledo, Ohio; Bennett B. Patterson, of Houston, Tex.; Don C. Miller,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Wilbur V. Hamm, of Port Huron, Mich.; Joseph
A. Covington, of Meridian, Miss.; J. Thomas Dunn, of Meridian,
Miss.; Joseph B. Walker, of Allentown, Pa.; Ralph H. Griesemer, of
Allentown, Pa.; Wesley Byron Bryant, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Frederick Travers, of New York, N. Y.; Henry L. Burkitt, of New
York, N. Y.; Seymour Graubard, of New York, N. Y.; Irving Mosko-
vitz, of Scarsdale, N. Y.; Milton M. Gottesman, of Washington, D. C.;
Helen F. Humphrey, of New York, N. Y.; Bert Bookham Meek, Jr.,
of San Francisco, Calif.; and John Palmer Fishwick, of Salem, Va.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 26. The Lorain Journal Company, Samuel A. Horwitz, Isa-
dore Horwitz, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Ohio. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
No. 38. Dominic Palmer, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
Western State Penitentiary, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for further action not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black an-
nounced by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Minton in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr.
Justice Jackson join.
No. 14. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert For-
tier, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr.
Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
952806-51-29
80
88

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1951
81
71, Misc. Ex parte Valerie Cogdell et al., petitioners. On petition
for writ of mandamus. Cause continued. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 224. Public Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia,
Capital Transit Company, et al., petitioners v. Franklin S. Pollak and
Guy Martin; and
No. 295. Franklin S. Pollak and Guy Martin, petitioners, v. Pub-
lic Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia, Capital Transit
Company and Washington Transit Radio, Inc. Motion for leave to
file brief of Radio Cincinnati, Inc., et al., as amici curiae denied.
No. 317. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., appellant, v. State of Missouri.
Motion to transfer this case from summary docket denied.
No. 387. William Walter Remington, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Motion of respondent for leave to apply to the
District Court for leave to dismiss indictment denied.
No. 431. Tessim Zorach and Esta Gluck, appellants, v. Andrew
G. Clauson, Jr., et al., constituting the Board of Education of the
City of New York et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 9.
No. 388. Leroy J. Robertson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 183. Sidney Gandelman, petitioner, v. The Mercantile Insur-
ance Company of America and the Reliance Insurance Company of
Philadelphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 293. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lance, In-
corporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 294. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lovknit
Manufacturing Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 335. Rev. I. C. Peay, B. F. Bourn, Rev. J. H. Mays, et al.,
; petitioners, v. L. M. Cox. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
+
"
!

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1951
82
No. 357. The United States, petitioner, v. The Osage Nation of
Indians. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 304. Frank Campbell Littleton, Farmer-Debtor, petitioner, v.
Thomas N. DeLashmutt. Motion to substitute Joseph J. Mathy, Ex-
ecutor of the Estate of Frank Campbell Littleton, as the party peti-
tioner in the place and stead of Frank Campbell Littleton, deceased,
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 323. The Crummer Company and R. E. Crummer and Com-
pany, petitioners, v. The Honorable William J. Barker, Judge of the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 386. Thomas Ryan, Louis Aiges, Leon Altheim, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph Simons, as President of Newspaper and Mail De-
liverers' Union of New York and Vicinity, etc., et al. Motion to dis-
pense with printing the record and certification thereof granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 390. Royal M. Broady, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Rail-
road Company. Motion to dispense with printing petition and record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 393. J. B. Wilson et al., petitioners, v. Wade Kitchens. Mo-
tion to substitute Roy M. Bird, Executor of the Estate of Maud Bird,
and James M. Bird, as party petitioners in the place and stead of Maud
Bird, deceased, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 155, October Term, 1950. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha
Florence Sabin, petitioners, v. A. I. Levorsen; and
No. 156, October Term, 1950. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha
Florence Sabin, petitioners, v. The Midland Savings and Loan Com-
pany. Motions for leave to file second petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 17. Thomas P. McMahon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and United States Maritime Commission;
No. 303. John Donald Walker, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 313. Theodore D. Lewis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 338. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. T. H. McCasland,
N. W. Brillhart, Glenn Norville, et al.;

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1951
83
No. 30, Misc. Nell Sanders Aspero, petitioner, v. Memphis and
Shelby County Bar Assn.;
No. 37, Misc. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 81, Misc. Gene Nero, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 141, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney et al.
Petitions for rehearing in these cases severally denied.
No. 144, Misc. C. W. Price, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Superin-
tendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition dated November
11, 1951, denied.
No. 42, Misc. John Henry Dauer, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 147, Misc. Charles Walker Kimler, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 182, Miss. Francis Monaghan, petitioner, o. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 195, Misc. James Meiner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 200, Misc. Raymond McDermitt,petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 206, Misc. Inzion Henderson, petitioner, v. State of Okla-
homa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Ap-
peals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 222, Misc. Jerome S. Hanson, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 225, Misc. Frank D. Mattison, petitioner, v. Dr. John W.
Claudy, Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 214, Misc. Joseph Calhoun, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
Adjourned until Wednesday, January 2, 1952, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 2, will be as follows: Nos. 172,
178, 305, 8, 184, 19, 275, 86, 329, and 349.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
84
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present, Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Rebecca Manning Cutler, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Clarence E. Dawson; Rufus S. Day, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, on motiom
of Mr. Isador Grossman; William Stanley, Jr., of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Donald Hiss; Michael Bibko, Jr., of Bayonne, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Jackson Brodsky; and David Lafayette Mincey, of
Macon, Ga., on motion of Mr. Edward J. Ennis, were admitted to
practice.
No. 209. The United States, petitioner, v. John Stuart Kelly et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black join.
No. 229. Warren H. Pillsbury and Albert J. Cyr, Deputy Commis-
sioners for the Thirteenth Compensation District, etc., petitioners, v.
United Engineering Company, a Corporation, Firemen's Fund In-
surance Company, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and
cases remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas concur.
No. 231. Anna Desper, Administratrix of the Estate of Thomas J.
Desper, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Starved Rock Ferry Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 83. Antonio Richard Rochin, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. On writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
for the Second Appellate District of the State of California. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to the District Court of
Appeal of California for the Second Appellate District for proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
952806-52-―30

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
85
Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 180. Kerotest Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. C-O-Two
Fire Equipment Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 421. Dean Acheson, as Secretary of State, appellant, v. Kiyo-
kuro Okimura. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Hawaii. Per Curiam: The judgment is vacated and the
case is remanded to the District Court for specific findings as to the
circumstances attending appellee's service in the Japanese Army and
voting in the Japanese elections and the reasonable inferences to be
drawn therefrom. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the judgment
should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Douglas, being of the view that the
findings are adequate to show that the services of appellee to Japan
were rendered under the compulsion of military and other sanctions,
evidenced in some instances by physical beatings, dissents to vacation
and remand.
No. 422. Dean Acheson, as Secretary of State, appellant, v. Hisao
Murata. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Hawaii. Per Curiam: The judgment is vacated and the case
is remanded to the District Court for specific findings as to the cir-
cumstances attending appellee's service in the Japanese Army and the
reasonable inferences to be drawn therefrom. Mr. Justice Black is
of the opinion the judgment should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Douglas,
being of the view that the findings are adequate to show that the
services of appellee to Japan were rendered under the compulsion of
military and other sanctions, evidenced in some instances by physical
beatings, dissents to vacation and remand.
No. 427. John T. Barker, appellant, v. C. Lawrence Leggett, Super-
intendent of the Insurance Department of the State of Missouri, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Missouri. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 460. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. Riley C.
Garner, County Trustee of Shelby County, Tennessee, and Shelby
County, Tennessee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
The Chief Justice said:
86
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 391. Joseph B. Bruner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The Court directs that the expense of printing the record
be paid by the United States pursuant to 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1915 (b).
No. 443. The United States of America, appellant, v. Efroim Spec-
tor; and
No. 444. Wilbur C. King et al., as and constituting the Florida
Railroad and Public Utilities Commission, appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 401. Konrad G. Johansen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 414. Samuel Mandel, Administrator of the Estate of Robert
Willie Dillehay, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 15. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William H.
Duvarney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 139. Nicholson Transit Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 207. Anton and Irene Sedivy et al., petitioners, v. Superior
Home Builders, Inc., Park View Home Builders, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 362. Mead Service Company and Mead's Fine Bread Company,
petitioners, v. L. L. Moore, an individual doing business as Moore's
Bakery. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 372. Cherrywood Apartments, Inc., Oakwood Apartments,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 389. State of Florida, on Relation of Hicks-Kessler Flying
School, Incorporated, petitioner, v. George E. Holt, as Judge of the
Circuit Court, in and for the Eleventh Judicial Circuit, Dade County,
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
87
No. 394. Lucy Sgitcovich, petitioner, v. Annie Sgitcovich. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 397. The United States of America, petitioner, v. State Road
Department of Florida et al. Petition for writ or certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 404. The Cottman Company, a Body Corporate, and Maryland
Casualty Company, a Body Corporate, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 407. Joseph S. Kane, petitioner, v. Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics, Amtorg Trading Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 408. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Michael V.
DiSalle, Price Director. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 412. Natalie M. Kalmus, petitioner, v. Herbert T. Kalmus and
Technicolor Motion Picture Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the District Court of Appeal of the State of California,
Second Appellate District denied.
No. 416. State of Texas, petitioner, v. Group of Institutional In-
vestors Holding First and Refunding Mortgage 5% Bonds of Mis-
souri Pacific Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 424. Ella Frad, petitioner, v. The Columbian National Life In-
surance Company and Ella Frad, as Executrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 425. Stow Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 432. Frank Palumbo, petitioner, v. Honorable J. Cullen Ganey,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 435. John Lee, petitioner, v. Eula Lee Matthews Finley and
Henry P. Willimon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 417. Joseph Ancich, John Kaiza, Anton Bogdanovich, et al.,
petitioners, v. Jack Borcich et al., Co-owners of the Oil Screw "Marsha
Ann." The motions for leave to file briefs of Atlantic Fishermen's
Union et al., and Fishermen and Allied Workers Division, Interna-
tional Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union, as amici curiae,

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
88
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed.
No. 420. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. Charles H. Owens.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this applcation.
No. 423. L. J. H. Herwig, petitioner, v. Stuart L. Crenshaw, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, and as an individual, et al. The motion
to dispense with printing the petition and record is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 25. Sutphen Estates, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America, Loew's, Incorporated, Warner Bros. Pictures. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 290. Photochart, a Corporation, and Lorenzo Del Riccio, peti-
tioners, v. Photo Patrol, Inc., a Corporation, Pacific Turf Club,
Inc., a Corporation, American Teletimer Corporation and Robert A.
Oswald;
No. 315. Aleutian Livestock Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 336. Anthony P. Giessler, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 390, October Term, 1948. Henry M. Propper, as receiver of the
Property and Assets within The State of New York of A. K. M.,
petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as successor to the
Alien Property Custodian. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 526, October Term, 1947. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Charles Kruszewski. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 152, Misc. Julius Bayken, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for rehearing denied for the reason that the
application was not received within the time provided by Rule 33.
No. 165, Misc. Joan C. Smith et al., petitioners, v. Morris Pollin
et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 7, Misc. Roma Smith, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 113, Misc. Roger Touhy, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
89
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 41, Misc. Ferdinand Thompson, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 105, Misc. William Haidas and Walter Jezierski, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 168, Misc. Elizabeth Reddish Milanko and Leslie K. Jacoby,
Administrators, etc., petitioners, v. Richard A. Austin et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 193, Misc. S. Roberts, petitioner, v. Western Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 194, Misc. United States ex rel. S. Roberts, S. Roberts, peti-
tioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 204, Misc. Donald Dolan, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden,
Ohio State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 215, Misc. Roosevelt Cash, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to The Superior Court of New Jersey,
Appellate Division, denied.
No. 221, Misc. James Steele, petitioner, v. J. V. Jackson, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 228, Misc. Edward S. Hidden, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 237, Misc. Edward Okulczyk, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 250, Misc. Robert Jones, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 124, Misc. In re Disbarment of Albert Woodruff Gray. It
having been reported to the Court that Albert Woodruff Gray, of
New York City, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
First Department; and this Court by order of October 22, 1951, hav-
ing suspended the said Albert Woodruff Gray from the practice of

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
90
the law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to
show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the rule to show cause was duly issued and
served upon the respondent, and that the time within which to file a
return to the rule has expired;
It is ordered that the said Albert Woodruff Gray be, and he is hereby,
disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be
stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the
Bar of this Court.
No. 229, Misc. In re Disbarment of Alger Hiss. It is ordered that
Alger Hiss, of New York City, be suspended from the practice of the
law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within forty days,
requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the
practice of the law in this Court. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this question.
No. 216, Misc. Fred G. Maringer, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
the State of California; and
No. 219, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Northern District of California. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 227, Misc. Donald Hicks, petitioner, v. J. V. Jackson, Warden,
Clinton Prison at Dannemora, N. Y., et al.; and
No. 253, Misc. Henry Worth, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 239, Misc. Walter Sanders, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr.,
Warden. Motion for leave to withdraw petition for writ of man-
damus granted.
No. 241, Misc. October Term, 1948. Carlos Rodriquez, petitioner,
v. People of the State of New York. Motion for return of the record
to petitioner denied.
No. 172. Eric G. Kaufman and Aenni C. Kaufman, petitioners, v.
Societe Internationale pour Participations Industrielles et Commer-
ciales S. A., etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Irving Moskovitz for the
petitioners; by Mr. David Schwartz for respondents, McGrath and
Clark; by Mr. John J. Wilson for respondent, Societe Internationale
pour Participations, etc.; and case submitted by Mr. William P. Mac-
Cracken, Jr., Mr. Urban C. Lavery and Mr. William W. Barron for
the respondent, Remington Rand, Inc.
No. 178. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation, A. G., petitioner, v. J.
Howard McGrath, Attorney General and as successor to the Alien

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1952
91
Property Custodian. Argued by Mr. Thurman Arnold for the peti-
tioner and Mr. James L. Morrisson for the respondent.
No. 305. Cities Service Company, and The Chase National Bank
of the City of New York, petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General, Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Argument
commenced by Mr. Timothy N. Pfeiffer for the petitioners and con-
tinued by Mr. George B. Searls for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 3, will be as follows: Nos. 305,
8, 184, 19, 275, 86, 329, 349, 411, and 151.
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1952
92
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
John J. Coughlin, of Portland, Oreg., and Nicholas Jaureguy, of
Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Guy Cordon; C. William O'Neill, of
Marietta, Ohio, Robert E. Leach, of Columbus, Ohio, and John W.
Peck, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Isidore Topper; Daniel
T. Scannell, of New York, N. Y., Michael A. Castaldi, of New York,
N. Y., and Bernard Friedlander, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Sidney Fledshuh, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; Harold I. Cammer, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Rein; Juanita Newton Harris
Cassidy, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Newton
Dew and Herbert S. Duncombe, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Raymond F. Body, were admitted to practice.
No. 305. Cities Service Company and the Chase National Bank of
the City of New York, petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney
General, Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Argument
concluded by Mr. George B. Searls for the respondent.
No. 8. Irving Adler, George Friedlander, Mark Friedlander, et al.,
appellants, v. The Board of Education of the City of New York.
Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the appellants; by Mr.
Michael A. Castaldi for the appellee and Mr. Wendell P. Brown
for the State of New York, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 184. The Standard Oil Company, an Ohio Corporation, appel-
lant, v. John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner, State of Ohio, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Isador Grossman for the appellant and
continued by Mr. Rufus S. Day, Jr., for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 184,
19, 275, 86, 329, 349, 411, 151, 201, October Term, 1950, and 120.
☑
952806-52-31

1
Corrected Copy
FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Vincent F. Hiebsch, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Harold E.
Mott; Roger Melville Saunders, of Craig, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Norris C. Bakke; James O. Ball, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Stephen J. Angland; Ernest W. Jennes, of Washington, D. C.,
and Orman W. Ketcham, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Horsky; and Wm. G. Grant, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Joseph B. Keenan, were admitted to practice.
No. 184. The Standard Oil Company, an Ohio Corporation, appel-
lant, v. John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner, State of Ohio, et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Isadore Topper for the appellees and concluded
by Mr. Rufus S. Day, Jr., for the appellant.
No. 19. The United States of America, appellant, v. Oregon State
Medical Society, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the appellant,
and continued by Mr. Nicholas Jaureguy for the appellees and by
Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 19,
275, 86, 329, 349, 411, 151, 201, October Term, 1950, 120, and 159
Misc.
952806-52-32
i
לי

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Gordon Butterworth, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. George
C. Dix; Carl B. Luckerath, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. War-
ren G. Magnuson; John W. Oliver, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of
Mr. H. G. Morison; Lewis L. Scott, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of
Mr. George G. McCoy ; Arnold H. Olsen, of Helena, Mont., and Arthur
S. Jardine, of Great Falls, Mont., on motion of Mr. Edwin S. Booth;
John M. Falasz, of Chicago, Ill., and Robert J. Burdett, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. John A. Marzall; James P. Bradley, of Ware,
Mass., on motion of Mr. James Thaddeus Clark; Max Blum, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Homer Brooks; Dennis Wright, of Okla-
homa City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Allan C. Swingle; David Jacker, of
Chicago, Ill., and John M. O'Connor, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Chauncey P. Carter; Andrew B. Beveridge, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne; Peter N. Schiller, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Odell Kominers; Jack K. Horton, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Hugh T. Fullerton; and John H.
Dimond, of Juneau, Alaska, and J. Gerald Williams, of Juneau,
Alaska, on motion of Mr. James A. Condrick, were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 91. The United States of America, appellant, v. Perry Halseth.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 12. Joseph Edward Morissette, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the re-
sult. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
952806-52-33

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1952
95
No. 20. The United States of America, appellant, v. Louise Vir-
ginia Smith. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Western District of Texas; and
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Arnold L.
Dailey. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Colorado. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 186. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Roane-Anderson Company et
al.; and
No. 187. Sam K. Carson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation
for the State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Carbide and Carbon Chemi-
cals Corporation et al. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Tennessee. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 280. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union
et al., petitioners, v. Juneau Spruce Corporation. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Territory of Alaska. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 23. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Herman Hay-
man. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of California for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the result. Mr. Jus-
tice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 464. United Air Lines, Incorporated, appellant, v. Public Util-
ities Commission of the State of California; and
No. 465. Western Air Lines, Incorporated, appellant, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California. Appeals from the
Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss
are granted and the appeals are dismissed for the want of a substan-
tial federal question. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Burton are
of the opinion probable jurisdiction should be noted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1952
The Chief Justice said:
96
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 453. Frederick V. Field, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel
for petitioner.
No. 384. Inter-City Advertising Company of Greensboro, North
Carolina, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 405. Robert L. Barbee, petitioner, v. Capital Airlines, Incor-
porated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 434. Julius Gendelman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 438. California State Board of Equalization, petitioner, v.
George T. Goggin, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of West Coast
Cabinet Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 439. Milwaukee Towne Corporation, petitioner, v. Loew's In-
corporated, a Corporation, et al.; and
No. 454. Loew's Incorporated et al., petitioners, v. Milwaukee
Towne Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 445. Union Packing Company, petitioner, v. Cariboo Land and
Cattle Company, Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 452. The Village of Skokie, Illinois, petitioner, v. The First
National Bank and Trust Company of Racine, Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 463. Sunbeam Corporation, petitioner, v. Civil Service Em-
ployees Cooperative Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 316. Harry Bigelow, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of the State of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 437. Carl G. A. Pass, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1952
97
ney General of the United States. Motion to dispense with print-
ing the petition and record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 494. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar Steamship Line, the Robert Dol-
lar Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 174. James T. Haines, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 346. State of New York and the Public Service Commission
of the State of New York, appellants, v. The United States of America,
Interstate Commerce Commission, and the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company;
No. 351. James M. Roberts and Evalina L. Roberts, petitioners, v.
United States of America;
No. 377. Samuel M. Levy, petitioner, v. Lewis M. Dabney, Jr., as
Trustee of Associated Gas and Electric Company, Debtor, etc.; and
No. 187, Misc. Lester Sparks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 205, Misc. Verne Alfred Braasch and Melvin LeRoy Sullivan,
petitioners v. State of Utah. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 240, Misc. Alfred Minutolo, petitioner, v. Samuel H. Kauf-
man, U. S. District Judge, Southern District of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 244, Misc. Lawrence A. Paulding, John McGrady, and Richard
Brown, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 249, Misc. Stanley Marsh, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 255, Misc. James J. McDonald, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 19. The United States of America, appellant, v. Oregon State
Medical Society et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Stanley M. Silver-
berg for the appellant.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1952
98
No. 275. The United States of America, ex rel. Hubert Jaegeler,
petitioner, v. Ugo Carusi, Commissioner of Immigration and Natura -
zation, et al. Argued by Mr. Gordon Butterworth for the petitioner
and Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the respondent.
No. 86. Howard Hughes, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. T. A. Slack for the appellant and Mr. Philip
Marcus for the appellee.
No. 329. M. P. Mullaney, Commissioner of Taxation of the Terri-
tory of Alaska, petitioner, v. Oscar Anderson and Alaska Fishermen's
Union. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Gerald Williams for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 329,
349, 411, 151, 201, October Term, 1950, 120, 159, Misc. 100, 299,
and 300.
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
$99
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Bryan P. Leverich, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. J.
Carter Fort; Tom Bellis, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Bernard
D. Levinson; and Elmer E. Batzell, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Manly Fleischmann, were admitted to practice.
No. 329. M. P. Mullaney, Commissioner of Taxation of the Terri-
tory of Alaska, petitioner, v. Oscar Anderson and Alaska Fishermen's
Union. Argument continued by Mr. J. Gerald Williams for the peti-
tioner and concluded by Mr. Carl B. Luckerath for the respondents.
No. 349. First National Bank of Chicago, as Executor of the Estate
of John Louis Nelson, Deceased, petitioner, v. United Air Lines, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Robert J. Burdett for the petitioner and by Mr. David
Jacker for the respondent.
No. 411. Yvette J. Madsen, petitioner, v. Nina Kinsella, Warden of
the United States Reformatory for Women. Argued by Mr. Joseph
S. Robinson for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the
respondent.
No. 151. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. Great Northern Railway Company. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for appellants, United
States and Interstate Commerce Commisison.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos.
151, 201, October Term, 1950, 120, 159 Misc., 100, 299, 300, 317,
and 250.
952806-52-34

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1952
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William T. Brooking, Jr., of Saint Louis, Mo., William H. Jahn, Jr.,
of Pacific, Mo., Charles J. Tyne, of Newark, N. J., and John F. Des-
mond, of Newton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B.
Perlman; Paul L. Ross, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Martin
Popper; Carl A. Cowan, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Thur-
good Marshall; Theodore C. Hanson, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. George F. Galland; K. Harlan Dodson, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. John J. Hooker; Martin J. Hansberry, of Waltham,
Mass., on motion of Mr. M. Quinn Shaughnessy; and Milton M. Levin,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David S. Allshouse, were
admitted to practice.
No. 151. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. Great Northern Railway Company.
Argument continued by Mr. Arnold H. Olsen for appellants, Valier
Community Club and Board of Railroad Commissioners of the State
of Montana; by Mr. Art Jardine for appellant, Montana Western
Railway Company; by Mr. Louis E. Torinus, Jr., for the appellee; and
concluded by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for appellants, United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission.
No. 201, October Term, 1950. Harry Sacher, Richard Gladstein,
George W. Crockett, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Paul L. Ross for petitioners and by Mr.
Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent.
No. 120. Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson Blakeney, Joseph
Hutch Patterson and Jack Alexander, appellants, v. The Board of
Trustees of the University of Tennessee, etc., et al.; and
No. 159, Misc. Ex parte Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson
Blakeney, Joseph Hutch Patterson and Jack Alexander, petitioners.
Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellants in
No. 120 and petitioners in No. 159, Misc.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 120
(and 159 Misc.), 100, 299, 300, 317, and 250.
Х
852806-52- -35

THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1952
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Min-
ton.
John Eliga Bollinger, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Frank J. Wideman; William T. Griffin, of Staten Island, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. William C. Koplovitz; John Richard Baty, of Kansas
City, Mo., and Louis J. Portner, of Saint Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Henry C. M. Lamkin; James S. McClellan, of Saint Louis, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Vernon Smith; John Graham Brooks, of
Weston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Samuel W. Earnshaw; and S. Lloyd
Moore, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch,
were admitted to practice.
No. 120. Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson Blakeney, Joseph
Hutch Patterson and Jack Alexander, appellants, v. The Board of
Trustees of the University of Tennessee, etc., et al.; and
No. 159, Misc. Ex parte Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson
Blakeney, Joseph Hutch Patterson and Jack Alexander, petitioners.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellants in
No. 120 and petitioners in No. 159, Misc., and by Mr. John J. Hooker
for the appellees in No. 120. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
No. 100. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harold
Bloom, General Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors of Pavone Tex-
tile Corp. Argued by Mr. I. Henry Kutz for the petitioner and
case submitted by Mr. Irwin Geiger for the respondent.
No. 299. The United States of America, petitioner, v. N. Walser
Edens and W. H. Corry, as Trustees of Carolina Mills, Inc., a cor-
poration of South Carolina, Debtor. Argued by Mr. John F. Davis
for the petitioner and by Mr. Henry Hammer for the respondent.
No. 300. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General En-
gineering and Manufacturing Company, a corporation, Debtor. Ar-
gued by Mr. John F. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. James S.
McClellan for the respondent.
No. 317. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., appellant, v. State of Missouri.
Argued by Mr. Henry C. M. Lamkin for the appellant and by Mr.
John R. Baty for the appellee.
952806-52--36

THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1952
102
No. 250. The United States of America, appellant, v. New Wrinkle,
Inc., and the Kay and Ess Company. Argument commenced by
Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 11, will be as follows: No. 250.
Х

FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1952
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Adrian L. Foley, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edmund
O'Hare; and Edward P. Callahan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Arthur B. Carton, were admitted to practice.
No. 250. The United States of America, appellant, v. New Wrinkle,
Inc., and the Kay and Ess Company. Argument continued by Mr.
Charles H. Weston for the appellant and concluded by Mr. H. A.
Toulmin, Jr., for the appellee, New Wrinkle, Inc.
Adjourned until Monday, January 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
952806-52-37

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1952
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Minton.
H. Burton Schatz, of Chicago, Ill., and Marvin Willig, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman;
Ralph R. Goldsmith, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. George A.
Dondero; Mr. Harry Krieger, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr.
David Lloyd Kreeger; David Ginsburg, of Philadelphia, Pa., and
Gerald W. Siegel, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald
C. Cook; John A. Calhoun, of Middlebury, Vt., on motion of Mr.
Thomas B. Collins; Adam Frank, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Albert E. Kane; James R. Browning, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Albert Holmes Baldridge; Don V. Harris, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank Pace, Jr.; Albert B. Reid,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; and Murl A.
Larkin, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Earle Bennett, were
admitted to practice.
No. 47. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel M.
Shannon, Patti A. Shannon, and W. L. Shannon. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of South Carolina for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson. Sep-
arate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 62. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company, petitioners, v.
Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation; and
No. 197. Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refining Corporation, petitioner,
v. Halcyon Lines and Vinke and Company. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments
of Court of Appeals reversed and causes remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania with
instructions to dismiss the contribution proceedings against Haenn
Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton would reverse with
directions to the District Court to allow contributions equal to 50
percent of the judgment recovered by Baccile against Halcyon.
952806-52--38

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1952
105
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 46. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Lucy
Jordan et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed
by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of the opin-
ion the writ should be dismissed as improvidently granted and has
expressed his views in a memorandum filed in United States v. Shan-
non, No. 47, decided this day.
No. 100. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harold
Bloom, General Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors of Pavone Tex-
tile Corp. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 299. The United States of America, petitioner, v. N. Walser
Edens and W. H. Corry, as Trustees of Carolina Mills, Inc., a Cor-
poration of South Carolina, Debtor. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 300. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General En-
gineering and Manufacturing Company, a Corporation, Debtor. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgments are affirmed. City of
New York v. Saper, 336 U. S. 328.
No. 477. Paul S. Geuss and Erich Fleischman, appellants, v. Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Kovacs v. Cooper, 336 U. S. 77.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 409. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shoso Nii.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Territory of
Hawaii. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant.
No. 431. Tessim Zorach and Esta Gluck, appellants, v. Andrew G.
Clauson, Jr., et al., constituting the Board of Education of the City
of New York, et al. The motion for leave to file brief of National
Council of the Churches of Christ in the United States of America
as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 301. The Palmer Oil Corporation, Paul Sterba and Paul
Sterba, Jr., a minor, by and through his Father and next friend, Paul
Sterba, appellants, o. Amerada Petroleum Corporation, Anderson-
Prichard Oil Corporation, Cities Service Oil Company, et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1952
106
No. 302. Kit C. Farwell, Frank Phohlemann, L. A. Davis, et al.,
appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum Corporation, Anderson-Prichard
Oil Corporation, Gulf Oil Corporation, et al. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 450. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Atlantic Mu-
tual Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 446. Libby, McNeill and Libby (a corporation), petitioner, v.
Alaska Industrial Board, composed of the Territorial Insurance Com-
missioner, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 447. Libby, McNeill and Libby (a corporation), petitioner, v.
Alaska Industrial Board, composed of the Territorial Insurance Com-
missioner, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 457. Nathan Chiarelli and Sam Serritella, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 459. Edward P. Schreyer and Rival Manufacturing Company,
petitioners, v. Gasco Products Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 467. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. Louisiana Southern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 115. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 293. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lance, In-
corporated; and
No. 294. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lovknit
Manufacturing Company, Inc. et al. The motion for leave to file
brief of Congress of Industrial Organizations as amicus curiae is
denied. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter joins the Court in denying the motion of the Congress of In-
dustrial Organizations for leave to file a brief amicus curiae, but de-
sires to add the following:
The United States, through the Solicitor General, may, as any other
party to a litigation, refuse consent for any reason or no reason,
selectively or uniformly, to the filing of a brief here on behalf of an
amicus curiae. But such action by the Solicitor General is to be
deemed to be taken entirely as an exercise of discretion by him in no-
wise governed by a rule of this Court or the policy underlying it.
No. 42. William F. Brack, petitioner, v. Dora Gross;
No. 310. E. M. Watson, petitioner, v. L. G. Suddoth;

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1952
107
No. 348. Mary K. Ellis, petitioner, v. Girard Trust Company, sur-
viving Trustee under the will of George W. Nevil, Deceased; and
No. 89, Misc. In the matter of Elizabeth Sprague, petitioner. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 198, Misc. Theodore W. Cobb, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 207, Misc. Anna L. Fishbaugh, petitioner, v. Armour and Co.
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 209, Misc. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 217, Misc. Nellie Pauline Fletcher et al., petitioners, v. United
States Atomic Energy Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 236, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 243, Misc. Edward McKenna, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 248, Misc. Andrew Kovacivich, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 251, Misc. Ralph H. Quick, petitioner, v. Fred H. Hardiek,
Clerk, Circuit Court of Effingham County, Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 256, Misc. Woodrow Nor Woods, petitioner, v. Dr. Marion R.
King et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 257, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of the State of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 260, Misc. Salvatore Oddo, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 28, will be as follows: Nos. 331,
78, 176, 361, 134 (and 135), 15 Misc., 391, 9, 431, and 44.
Х

'
MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Denver C. Peckinpah, of Fresno, Calif., Edith C. Cahill, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Lawrence M. Cahill, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Murry
L. Randall, of Mount Rainier, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Philip B. Perlman; A. Stewart Kerr, of Detroit, Mich., and Don-
ald N. Sweeny, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Edmund Elliott
Shepherd; Francis T. P. Plimpton, of New York, N. Y., William El-
dred Jackson, of New York, N. Y., and Charles A. Brind, Jr., of Al-
bany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian; Thomas H. Ryan,
of Portland, Oreg., and J. Raymond Carskadon, of Portland, Oreg.,
on motion on Mr. Guy Cordon; Russell O. Pettibone, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul V. McNutt; Harry Cousins Chuck, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sherry Basil Myers; Robert J.
Keating, of Boston, Mass., Diana J. Auger, of Boston, Mass., and
George W. Price, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Max C. Louis;
Ned O. Heinish, of Huntington, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Joseph A.
Nacrelli George A. Leet, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Harry M. Leet; Rodes K. Myers, of Bowling Green, Ky., and Robert
W. Zollinger, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. George W. Meuth;
Walter E. Crissman, of High Point, N. C., and Kearney W. Crissman,
of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Kahl K. Spriggs; Harry H.
Mitchell, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. John M. Raymond;
Theodore T. Molnar, of Cuthbert, Ga., on motion of Mr. Aaron L.
Ford; Claude L. Rice, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr. James
M. Barnes; Frederick W. Scholem, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert Mack Weston; Jack A. Coney, of Peoria, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Robert L. Stern; John J. Real, of San Pedro, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; and Robert I. Millonzi, of Buffalo,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Clark M. Clifford, were admitted to practice.
No. 305. Cities Service Company, and the Chase National Bank
of the City of New York, petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney
General, Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to
952806-52-39

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
109
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Minton joins.
No. 167. Boyce Motor Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
remanding the cause to the District Court with directions to reinstate
counts 1, 3, and 5 of the indictment affirmed, and cause remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
join.
No. 204. Richard Guessefeldt, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, and Georgia Neese
Clark, as Treasurer of the United States. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson
in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 1. Georgia Railroad & Banking Company, appellant, v. Charles
D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to the District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 275. The United States of America, ex rel. Hubert Jaegeler,
petitioner, v. Ugo Carusi, Commissioner of Immigration and Natu-
ralization, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
vacated and cause remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania with directions to vacate its
judgment and direct petitioner's release from custody. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 273. Harry J. Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, et al., Members of the Board of Trustees of School Dis-
trict No. 22, Clarendon County, S. C. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of South Carolina. Judgment
of District Court vacated without and cause remanded for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
110
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 169. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to
the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Kaku Nagano. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided
Court. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 503. Robert H. Remmey, Jr., Clarence E. Bertolet and Frank
Bruckerl, appellants, v. Gene D. Smith, Secretary of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, and Anthony J. De Silvestro, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 442. Eugene M. Brunner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 448. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Ruberoid
Company; and
No. 504. The Ruberoid Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 456. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
Henning et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 461. Irving Greenberg, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to
summary docket.
No. 54. Parry Navigation Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Todd Ship-
yards Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 311. Clarence C. Caminos, petitioner, v. Territory of Hawaii.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
111
No. 368. Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Division of Employ-
ment Security Creditor, petitioner, v. Hubert C. Thompson, Receiver.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 415. James B. Morris et al., petitioners, v. Group of Institu-
tional Investors et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 433. Russell Giffen and Ruth P. Giffen, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 449. Bedford F. Foster, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 462. Paul F. Lucas, petitioner, v. State of Indiana, on Relation
of the Board of Medical Registration and Examination of Indiana.
Petition for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 469. William H. Miley, petitioner, v. Robert A. Lovett, Secre-
tary of Defense of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 472. Isaiah Mitchell III, petitioner, v. Tribune Company, a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
the State of Illinois, First District, and to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 475. Conference of Studio Unions, an Unincorporated As-
sociation, et al., petitioners, v. Loew's, Incorporated, a Corporation,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 478. Nu-Car Carriers, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 481. Humble Oil-Refining Company et al., petitioners, v. Sun
Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 482. Joseph Jacob Barshop, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 488. Edward Heagney, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern Dis-
trict Terminal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 4. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Judith Coplon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
112
No. 214. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Judith Cop-
lon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 272. Judith Coplon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 392. Dipson Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. Buffalo Theatres,
Inc., Bison Theatres Corporation and Vitagraph, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 413. Bondholders, Inc., petitioner, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and
Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air Line Railway Com-
pany, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
has filed an opinion in connection with the denial of the petition for
writ of certiorari.
No. 455. Hans Kroch et al., petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, as
Attorney General of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 473. Coyne Electrical School, Incorporated, petitioner, v. F. J.
Buckley and E. H. Buckley, doing Business as F. J. Buckley and Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the
State of Illinois, First District, denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 470. Louis B. Aderman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 9, Misc. Harry Sylvester Barnes, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden, U. S. Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 127, Misc. Emmett F. Hatheway, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eid-
son, Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 149, Misc. George A. Duncan and Edward Ryan, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition of writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
113
No. 150, Misc. State of Louisiana, ex rel. Paul Washington, peti-
tioner, v. Frank Clancy, Sheriff of Jefferson Parish. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Twenty-fourth Judicial District Court of the
Parish of Jefferson, Louisiana, and/or the Supreme Court of Louisi-
ana, denied.
No. 156, Misc. Clayton Octave Fouquette, petitioner, v. State of
Nevada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nevada denied.
No. 189, Misc. Melbourne Powers, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for
the County of Allegan in the Twentieth Judicial Circuit, State of
Michigan denied.
No. 224, Misc. Stanley Buckowski, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 226, Misc. Lloyd Edison Sampsell, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 245, Misc. Cleveland Thompson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 259, Misc. Walter L. Sanders, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters,
Jr., Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 262, Misc. James Edwards, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 264, Misc. Harry Baldridge, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 265, Misc. Charles Holt, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 266, Misc. Wentworth Crombie, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 269, Misc. James Parker, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 270, Misc. M. Fitzallen Pridgen, petitioner, v. Paul Bubella
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
denied.
No. 272, Misc. Henry Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Ilinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
114
No. 273, Misc. David T. Graham, petitioner, v. Warden, New
Jersey State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 275, Misc. Robert Clark, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 276, Misc. Harold Peer, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 280, Misc. Simon Zipkin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 292, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 295, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 297, Misc. Robert C. Farley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 242, Misc. Benjamin Domako, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey;
No. 277, Misc. In re Paul King, petitioner;
No. 278, Misc. Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary; and
No. 301, Misc. Dan Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Applications denied.
No. 254, Misc. In re Richard Dean Thorbus, petitioner; and
No. 288, Misc. Albert Mulvey, petitioner, v. Emery E. Jacques,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus denied.
No. 263, Misc. Charles Carroll, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 4, until Mon-
day, March 3, next.
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins. Argued
by Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd for the petitioner and Mr. A. Stewart
Kerr for the respondent.
་
&
HY

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1952
115
No. 78. Marianna von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of the Detroit House of Correction. Argued by Mr.
G. Leslie Field for the petitioner, and Miss Beatrice Rosenberg for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 29, will be as follows: Nos. 176,
134 (and 135), 15 Misc., 391, 361, 9, 431, and 44.
✗
营
F
=
bet
1

TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1952
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Samuel J. Murray, of New York, N. Y., William R. Soons, of New
York, N. Y., Martin F. Shea, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Chester Dudley
Ward, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and Stanford Schewel, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. John W. Davis; Reno J. Orlando, of Law-
rence, Mass., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Lane; Alfonso A. Magnotta,
of Albion, Mich., and Roger H. Nielsen, of Battle Creek, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Frank E. Hook; Denmark Groover, Jr., of Macon, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. James A. Bistline; Oral D. Ozment, of Washington,
D. C., and Philip J. Miele, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Oliver Carter; Rene R. Nicaud, of New Orleans, La., on motion of
Mr. M. M. Heuser; Seymour H. Kligler, of New York, N. Y., and
Elkan Turk, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Elkan Turk;
John C. Butler, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roderick Russell
Eagan; Edward P. Morse, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Felix S.
Cohen; Louis J. Dibrell, of Galveston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joseph
C. McGarraghy; and Joseph Matusow, of Philadelphia, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. William Lawrence McGovern, were admitted to practice.
No. 176. Morris Leland, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
Argued by Mr. Thomas H. Ryan for the appellant and Mr. J. Ray-
mond Carskadon and Mr. Charles Eugene Raymond for the appellee.
No. 134. A/s J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi et al., appellants, v.
Isbrandtsen Co., Inc., et al.; and
No. 135. Federal Maritime Board, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Roscoe H. Hupper
for the appellants in No. 134; continued by Mr. Arthur M. Boal for
the appellant in No. 135; by Mr. William L. McGovern for the appel-
lee, Isbrandtsen Company, Inc.; and by Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg for
the appellees, The United States and The Secretary of Agriculture.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 30, will be as follows: Nos.
134 (and 135), 15 Misc., 391, 361, 9, 431, and 44.
☑
952806- -52-
-40

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1952
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Russell C. King, of Lincoln, R. I., on motion of Mr. Theodore
Francis Green; Lawrence W. Rabb, Jr., of Lexington, Miss., on mo-
tion of Mr. John Cornelius Stennis; Charles Stephen Leonard, of
Anderson, Ind., on motion of Mr. John H. Pratt; James A. Geroulis,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James Joseph Shepherd, Jr.;
Walter E. Washington, of Washington, D. C., and George B. Parks,
of Lexington, Ky., on motion of Mr. Carl D. Coleman; Nicholas Bucci,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Porter R. Chandler; and James
Angell MacLachlan, of Cambridge, Mass., on motion of Mr. Robert
N. Miller, were admitted to practice.
No. 134. A/s J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi et al., appellants, v.
Isbrandtsen Co., Inc., et al.; and
No. 135. Federal Maritime Board, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg
for the appellees, United States and Secretary of Agriculture, and
concluded by Mr. Roscoe H. Hupper for the appellants in No. 134.
No. 15, Misc. Far East Conference, United States Lines Company,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America et al. Argued by Mr.
John W. Davis for petitioner, Isthmian Steamship Co.; by Mr. Elkan
Turk for the petitioners, Far East Conference et al.; by Mr. Arthur
M. Boal for the intervenor-respondent, Federal Maritime Board;
and by Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg for the respondent, The United
States.
No. 391. Joseph B. Brunner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Denmark Groover, Jr., for the petitioner
and Mr. James R. Browning for the respondent.
No. 361. Armand Edward Blackmar, petitioner, v. L. F. Guerre,
Manager, Veterans' Administration, Regional Office No. 3021, New
Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. René R.
Nicaud for the petitioner.
952806-52-41

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1952
118
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos.
361, 9, 431, and 44.
✓

THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1952
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Charles H. Walters, of Boston, Mass., and William F. Marcella, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Porter R. Chandler; Walter C.
Wheeler, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Schafer;
Arthur H. Kahn, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Michael A.
Castaldi; David H. Mendelsohn, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Arnold I. Dumey; and Theodore Leskes, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Kenneth W. Greenawalt, were admitted to practice.
No. 361. Armand Edward Blackmar, petitioner, v. L. F. Guerre,
Manager, Veterans' Administration, Regional Office No. 3021, New
Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Benjamin For-
man for the respondent and concluded by Mr. René R. Nicaud for
the petitioner.
No. 9. Donald R. Doremus and Anna E. Klein, appellants, v. Board
of Education of the Borough of Hawthorne and the State of New
Jersey. Argued by Mr. Heyman Zimel for the appellants and by
Mr. Harry F. Schenk and Mr. Theodore D. Parsons for the appellees.
Leave granted to file supplemental briefs within one week.
No. 431. Tessim Zorach and Esta Gluck, appellants, v. Andrew G.
Clauson, Jr., et al., Constituting the Board of Education of the City
of New York et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Kenneth W. Green-
awalt for the appellants and continued by Mr. Wendell P. Brown
for the appellee, Commissioner of Education of the State of New York.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 431
and 44.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1952
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frank J. Mackin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Everett W. Mattoon; Francis J. Muldoon, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Charles J. Whiting; Carroll A. Boynton, of New
Pork, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Dee R. Bramwell; and Norton J. Arst,
of Drew, Miss., on motion of Mr. David Walker Richmond, were
admitted to practice.
No. 431. Tessim Zorach and Esta Gluck, appellants, v. Andrew G.
Clauson, Jr., et al., Constituting the Board of Education of the City
of New York, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Wendell P. Brown
for the appellee, The Commissioner of Education of the State of
New York; by Mr. Michael A. Castaldi for appellee, The Board of
Education of the City of New York; by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for
appellee, The Greater New York Coordinating Committee on Re-
leased Time, etc.; and concluded by Mr. Kenneth W. Greenawalt for
the appellants. Leave granted appellees to file a supplemental brief
within one week, if so advised, with leave to appellant to reply thereto
within one week thereafter.
No. 44. John Kedroff and Benjamin Fedchenkoff, etc., appellants,
v. Saint Nicholas Cathedral of the Russian Orthodox Church of North
America. Argued by Mr. Philip Adler for the appellants and by Mr.
Ralph Montgomery Arkush for the appellee. Leave granted ap-
pellants to file reply brief within one week.
Adjourned until Monday, February 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1952
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ira J. Miller, of Chicago, Ill.; Leonard Farkas, of Albany, Ga.,
Alfred Carr Ackerson, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Gordon P. Gill, of
Appleton, Wis., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perl-
man; Edward J. Fallon, of Pontiac, Mich., on motion of Mr. George A.
Dondero; Irving B. Ackerman, of Detroit, Mich., and Fred J. Potvin,
of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machrowicz; Andrew
DiMaggio, of Detroit, Mich., and G. Edwin Slater, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Jesse P. Wolcott; Sydney L. Berger, of Evansville,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; Abraham K. Weber, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John B. Wheeler; James B. Merritt, of
McGehee, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. L. Pope; William Howard Fort,
of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Leon A. Ransom; Robert E. Lee
Hall, of Washington, D. C., and Wilbur Brice O'Brien, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. James W. Haley; Ralph A. Dunham, of
Pierre, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. Edward R. Burke: Frank Carroll
McLaughlin, of Tuckahoe, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Dorsey;
Anthony J. Brueneman, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Frank J.
Longano, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John Robert Lewis,
Jr.; Bertram K. Wolfe, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. E.
Riggs McConnell; Kalman I. Nulman, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Abraham S. Robinson; Kenneth G. McGilvray, of Sacramento,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Justin Leroy Johnson; Julian C. Isen, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward M. English; Louis J. Gus-
mano, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.;
Paul T. Huckin, of Englewood, N. J., and Ellis M. Kopp, of Bergen-
field, N. J., on motion of Mr. Carl L. Shipley; and George E. Reed,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. David P. Doyle, were admitted
to practice.
No. 184. The Standard Oil Company, an Ohio Corporation, appel-
lant, v. John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner. State of Ohio, et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio for pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
952806-52--41

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1952
122
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 250. The United States of America, appellant, v. New Wrinkle,
Inc., and the Kay & Ess Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. Judgment reversed
and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 86. Howard Hughes, appellant, v. The United States of
America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Order of March 24, 1951, reversed
and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black, announced by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 374. John F. Dice, petitioner, v. The Akron, Canton & Youngs-
town Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio. Judgment of Supreme Court of Ohio reversed
with costs and cause remanded to that Court for further action not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black, announced by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr.
Justice Burton join concurring in the reversal of the judgment but dis-
senting from the opinion of the Court.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 497. State of Illinois and the Illinois Commerce Commission
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 498. City of Chicago, appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois. Per Curiam: The motions to af-
firm, in No. 497, are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 273. Harry J. Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, et al., Members of the Board of Trustees of School District
No. 22, Clarendon County, S. C. The mandate is ordered to issue
forthwith on motion of appellants, appellees not objecting.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1952
123
No. 522. Joseph Burstyn, Incorporated, appellant, v. Lewis A.
Wilson, Commissioner of Education of the State of New York, et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 428. Pennsylvania Water and Power Company and Susque-
hanna Transmission Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 429. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted.
No. 220, Misc. Tomoya Kawakita, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to appellate docket.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 352. Kenneth Reed and Rebecca Reed, petitioners, v. State of
New Mexico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Mexico denied. Motion to tax certain printing costs against
respondent also denied.
No. 430. Community Services, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 471. Texas Employers' Insurance Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hugh A. Voris, Deputy Commissioner, Eighth Compensa-
tion District, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 480. Paterson Parchment Paper Company, petitioner, v. In-
ternational Brotherhood of Paper Makers et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 484. The United States of America, petitioner, v. R-B Freight
Lines, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Motor Carrier Claims Commission denied.
No. 516. National Bellas Hess, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Eva
N. Kalis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 231. Anna Desper, Administratrix of the Estate of Thomas J.
Desper, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Starved Rock Ferry Company, a
Corporation;
No. 417. Joseph Ancich, John Kaiza, Anton Bogdanovich, et al.,
petitioners, v. Jack Borcich et al., Co-Owners of the Oil Screw Marsha
Ann;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1952
124
No. 423. L. J. H. Herwig, petitioner, v. Stuart L. Crenshaw, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, and as an Individual, et al.;
No. 445. Union Packing Company, petitioner, v. Cariboo Land
and Cattle Company, Limited; and
No. 460. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. Riley
C. Garner, County Trustee of Shelby County, Tennessee, and Shelby
County, Tennessee. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 420. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. Charles H. Owens.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 427. John T. Barker, appellant, v. C. Lawrence Leggett, Super-
intendent of the Insurance Department of the State of Missouri, et al.
Petition for rehearing denied. Motion to modify and supplement
the order of January 2, 1952, also denied.
No. 249, Misc. Stanley Marsh, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 183, Misc. Clarence Schell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 223, Misc. Willie Lewis, Bernice Lewis et al., petitioners, v.
W. E. McDaniel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Tennessee, Western Division, denied.
No. 234, Misc. Elizabeth Whitehead, petitioner, v. Jim Henry.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia
denied.
No. 247, Misc. Harry Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, and/or the Supreme Court of Illinois, denied.
No. 285, Misc. Israel Miller and Maurice Jack Miller, petitioners,
v. The State of New Jersey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 294, Misc. Calvin Tyson, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 293, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc., et al.; and
No. 298, Misc. John Edwin Byers et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Applications denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 3, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 224
(and 295), 126, 379, 426, 401 414, 282, 373, 443, and 450.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Joe F. Nowlin, of Pine Bluff, Ark., Frank P. McCraw, of Hagers-
town, Md., James E. Wallace, of Silver Spring, Md., Howard Warner
Little, of Bethesda, Md., Kenneth C. Shelver, of Laramie, Wyo., Clark
Fout King, of Garrett Park, Md., Lee Whitehall, of Attica, Ind., and
George J. Bott, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Philip B. Perlman; Frederick J. Bertram, of Chicago, Ill.,
Ralph S. McFarland, of Chicago, Ill., James H. Nudelman, of Chicago,
Ill., Cecil W. Weiss, of Chicago, Ill., Nathan Engelstein, of Chicago,
Ill., and Emil M. Caliendo, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edgar
A. Jonas; Cornelius Richard Gray, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. William E. Leahy; Chas. G. Dibrell, Jr., of Galveston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Louis J. Dibrell; Wallace John Baker, Sr., of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward B. Crosland; Roman Thomas Keenen,
of Cleveland, Ohio, and James Dickson Maddox, of Rome, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Carl B. Klein; Robert J. Stubbs, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. George E. McConley; W. Theodore Pierson, of
Washington, D. C., and Vernon C. Kohlhaas, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel O. Clark, Jr.; Julius Marvin Moody, Jr., of
Cedar Rapids, Iowa, on motion of Mr. John B. Brady; Harold Riegel-
man, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Dean Hill Stanley; Robert
McKinley Williams, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Albert
L. Cox; Harry Benjamin Becker, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Jackson E. Betts; Joseph B. McGrath, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Edward H. Hickey; Anthony Libersky, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Abner H. Ferguson; Frank L. Paul, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Preston C. King, Jr.; Homer F.
Cooper, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Heber H. Rice; John H.
Colgren, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. J. Stanley Payne;
James B. Burke, of New York, N. Y., and Coleman Burke, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick A. Ballard; Nancy M.
Sherman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Mozart G. Ratner; Mac
Asbill, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill; J. D.
Grant, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Ernest Schein; Swep S.
952806-52-45

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
126
Taylor, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. King;
William H. Brain, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph A.
Nacrelli; and Frank M. Schap, Ferndale, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Daniel S. Ring, were admitted to practice.
No. 8. Irving Adler, George Friedlander, Mark Friedlander, et al.,
appellants, v. The Board of Education of the City of New York.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 361. Armand Edward Blackmar, petitioner, v. L. F. Guerre,
Manager, Veterans' Administration, Regional Office No. 3021, New
Orleans, Louisiana, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 6. Charles F. Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, petitioner, v. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, A. R. Denton,
G. Stebbins, and F. Walsh; and
No. 7. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., petitioner,
v. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, A. R. Denton, G. Stebbins, and
F. Walsh. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Minton took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 85. Idonah Slade Perkins, petitioner, v. Benguet Consolidated
Mining Company, an Alien Business Association known as a Sociedad
Anonima, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Ohio. Judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio vacated with-
out costs to either party in this Court and case remanded to the Su-
preme Court for further proceedings in the light of the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Black con-
curs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which
the Chief Justice joins.
No. 9. Donald R. Doremus and Anna E. Klein, appellants, v.
Board of Education of the Borough of Hawthorne and the State of
New Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
127
Jersey. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
No. 317. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., appellant, v. State of Missouri.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson.
No. 329. M. P. Mullaney, Commissioner of Taxation of the Terri-
tory of Alaska, petitioner, v. Oscar Anderson and Alaska Fisher-
men's Union. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Motion and petition for leave to add
additional parties plaintiff granted. Judgment of Court of Appeals
affirmed with costs and case remanded to the District Court for the
Territory of Alaska. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 143. Verna Leib Sutton, petitioner, v. R. Wells Leib. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case
remanded to that court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 349. The First National Bank of Chicago, Executor of the
Estate of John Louis Nelson, Deceased, petitioner, v. United Air
Lines, Inc., a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the result in which Mr. Justice
Minton joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 253. Memphis Steam Laundry Cleaner, Inc., appellant, v.
A. H. Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission of the State of Missis-
sippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Mississippi for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 120. Gene Mitchell Gray, Lincoln Anderson Blakeney, Joseph
Hutch Patterson, and Jack Alexander, appellants, v. The Board of
Trustees of the University of Tennessee, etc., et al. Appeal from

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
128
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee;
and
No. 159, Misc. Ex Parte Gene Mitchell Gray et al., petitioners. On
petition for writ of mandamus. Motion of appellants to vacate the
order dissolving the three-judge court and remand the case to that
court for further proceedings is denied. Judgments below vacated
and case remanded with directions to dismiss the action upon the
ground that the cause is moot. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 189. Edwin J. Squire, petitioner, v. The Wheeling-Lake Erie
Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and
the judgment is reversed. Dice v. Akron, Canton and Youngstown
Railroad Co., No. 374, O. T. 1951, decided February 4, 1952. Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr.
Justice Burton concur, adhering to the views expressed in Dice v.
Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Co.
No. 476. National Furniture Traffic Conference, Incorporated, ap-
pellant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the District of Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm
are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Board of Trade v. United
States, 314 U. S. 534.
No. 506. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, appellant,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey; and
No. 581. Mary Pyeatte, appellant, v. The Board of Regents of the
University of Oklahoma et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. Per Curiam:
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed.
No. 520. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, appellant,
v. Director, Division of Tax Appeals of the Department of the Treas-
ury of the State of New Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton are
of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 540. W. M. Cox, appellant, v. James S. Peters and Mrs. Iris
Blitch. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Georgia. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
129
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 541. Riss and Company, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Western District of Missouri. Per Curiam: The mo-
tions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for
argument.
No. 545. Mutual Benefit Health and Accident Association, a Cor-
poration, appellant, v. Clarence Owen. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Kansas;
No. 557. Harry A. Lord, Roy Dial, Bertha H. Dial, et al., appel-
lants, v. A. H. Henderson, as Director of the Motor Vehicle Depart-
ment of the State of California, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of Appeal of the State of California, Second Appellate District; and
No. 569. Anderson-Prichard Oil Corporation, appellant, v. Cor-
poration Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The motions to dis-
miss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question.
No. 552. William Terra and Joseph Terra, appellants, v. The Peo-
ple of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York;
No. 555. Mortgage Finance Corporation and May C. Stock, appel-
lants, v. D. D. Watson, Real Estate Commissioner of the State of
California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of the State
of California, First Appellate District;
No. 565. The Shell Oil Company, Incorporated, appellant, v. The
Board of County Commissioners of Grant County, Kansas, C. L. Dew,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Kansas; and
No. 574. James Ernest Eachus, appellant, v. The People of the
State of Colorado. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado.
Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 560. Hayes L. Combs, appellant, v. John W. Snyder, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. Per Curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion that
probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for argu-
ment.
No. 35, Misc. Harry G. Geach, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois;
and
952806-52-46

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
130
No. 49, Misc. Arthur Smith, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
Per Curiam: The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are granted. The
judgments are vacated and the cases remanded to the Illinois Supreme
Court for further proceedings. Jennings v. Illinois, 342 U. S. 104.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. This case is set down for argument on the motion
for leave to file the complaint.
No. In the Matter of Kleinschmidt. The motion of Robert E.
Kleinschmidt, of Hillsboro, Missouri, that he be permitted to resign
as a member of the Bar of this Court is granted and it is ordered that
his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in
this Court.
No. 513. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, appellant, v. The United States of America, Inter-
state Commerce Commission and Omaha Grain Exchange of Omaha,
Nebraska. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 458. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. Simon L. Howard, Sr., and Saint
Louis-San Francisco Railway Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 474. Marion W. Stembridge, petitioner, v. The State of
Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Georgia and to the Supreme Court of Georgia granted.
No. 493. Isbrandtsen Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Mat-
thew Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 479. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
Counsel are requested to discuss on briefs and oral argument the
question as to the timeliness of the application for the writ.
No. 483. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Idaho Power
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
131
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 543. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America. The
motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 271, Misc. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners,
v. Robert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North
Carolina. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket.
No. 16. Mary B. Johnson, petitioner, v. James N. Johnson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 486. Margaret Elizabeth Somerville, petitioner, v. Capital
Transit Company and Howard Day. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 487. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American-
Hawaiian Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 489. The Enrest M. Loeb Company, Incorporated, and T. Jeff
Feibleman, petitioners, v. Aveyelles Drainage District Number 8 of
the Parish of Aveyelles, Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 490. Columbia Auto Loan, Incorporated, Trading as Columbia
Credit Company, a Body Corporate, by and through its President,
Samson Dewey Gottlieb, petitioner, v. The District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 491. Dean H. Phipps, petitioner, v. Alethea D. Phipps. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 492. Mariko Kuniyuki, petitioner, v. Dean Acheson, as Secre-
tary of State of the United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 496. Kenneth B. Thompson, petitioner, v. Charles H. Learned.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 499. The Coleman Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Cleta
S. Gray and A. L. Gray. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
132
No. 502. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Du Bois
Brewing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 507. Alfred Sylvanus, Arcadia National Insurance Company
and Voyle Clark Johnson, petitioners, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 511. Robert Carroll, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 512. Nickulus A. Gentila, by and through his Mother and next
friend, Jean Gentila, petitioner, v. Frank Pace, Jr., Secretary of the
Army. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 514. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 515. Annis Wyche and Robert C. Thorpe, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 518. W. L. Googins, petitioner, v. E. W. Hable and Sons. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of the State
of Texas, Tenth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 519. Julius Raab, M. D., petitioner, v. State Medical Board of
the State of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 521. Paul H. Kephart, petitioner, v. Irma N. Kephart. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 523. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Mary S. M.
Loughry, petitioner, v. The Board of Education of the City of Chi-
cago. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 531. Frank G. Buffum, petitioner, v. The Chase National Bank
of the City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 534. United States Trust Company of New York, as Trustee
of Wisconsin Central Railway Company First General Mortgage, et
al., petitioners, v. Edgar F. Zelle, as Trustee of Wisconsin Central
Railway Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
133
No. 535. Mervyn J. Lobel, petitioner, v. American Airlines, Incor-
porated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 536. Roy J. McClelland et al., petitioners, v. Fruco Construc-
tion Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 537. J. Alvan Davis, Trustee, petitioner, v. B. F. Avery and
Sons Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 539. Robert O. Norman, petitioner, v. Spokane, Portland and
Seattle Railway Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 542. The Creamette Company, petitioner, v. T. A. Conlin et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 544. Robert L. Richards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 546. James Winfred Huff and Joe Ezra Johnston, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 547. Al Horowitz et al., petitioners, v. Jacob J. Kaplan et al.,
Trustees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit.
No. 551. Stoves, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Tennessee Enamel
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 451. Joseph Rice, petitioner, v. H. H. Arnold, as Superintend-
ent of the Miami Springs Country Club. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida is denied for the reason
that the judgment of the court below is based upon a nonfederal
ground adequate to support it. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 468. Michael Cohen, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 485. Lee On, Tom Lee Ling, Do Hong Chew, et al., petitioners,
v. James Long, Individually and as Sheriff of Contra Costa County,
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
134
Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 495. Weigert-Dagen, Weigert-Dagen Shoe Company, J. F.
Goldkamp and Company, petitioners, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to file brief of National Council of American
Importers, Inc., as amicus curiae denied. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals
denied.
No. 501. Hoskins Coal and Dock Corporation, petitioner, v. Truax
Traer Coal Company and United Electric Coal Companies. Motion
for leave to file brief of Seymour F. Simon et al., as amici curiae,
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 505. Peter Duryee, Trustee of the Property of the New Jersey
and New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 530. Artigas Battle Roberto Machado, petitioner, v. J. Howard
McGrath, Attorney General of the United States, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 532. Orin C. Clement, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing
Expediter, Office of the Housing Expediter. Motion to use the cer-
tified record in No. 525 O. T. 1949 granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 413. Bondholders, Inc., petitioner, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and
Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air Lines Railway
Company et al.;
No. 457. Nathan Chiarelli and Sam Serritella, petitioners, v. The
United States of America;
No. 470. Louis B. Aderman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 207, Misc. Anna L. Fishbaugh, petitioner, v. Armour and
Co. et al.;
No. 270, Misc. M. Fitzallen Pridgen, petitioner, v. Paul Bubella et
al.; and
No. 292, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 121, Misc. Stance W. James and Oliver W. James, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
135
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 267, Misc. David Kline Beale, petitioner, v. State of Missis-
sippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi denied.
No. 279, Misc. Gaylord Stemen, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Darke County,
Ohio, denied.
No. 281, Misc. Lyle S. Van Antwerp, petitioner, v. Giles Kavanagh,
Collector of Internal Revenue, Etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 283, Misc. Michael Bourke, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 287, Misc. James Mulkey, petitioner, v. The United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 304, Misc. Ray Marks, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr.,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 307, Misc. Charles S. Carey, petitioner, v. The County of New
York and the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 317, Misc. Hoyt Howington, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters,
Jr., Warden, Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 330, Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Du Page County, Illinois, at Wheaton, Illinois, denied.
No. 336, Misc. Harold Lawrence, petitioner, v. The State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 373, Misc. Alfred Dusseldorf, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 310, Misc. Alberto Garcia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 315, Misc. Ray F. Harris, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden;
No. 323, Misc. Ex parte Hanscarl Von Posern, petitioner; and
No. 325, Misc. Clifford L. Mongar, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1952
136
No. 261, Misc. Elizabeth P. Robinette et al., petitioners, v. William
J. Campbell, District Judge of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois;
No. 311, Misc. August Karhu, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan; and
No. 329, Misc. Jack Lane, petitioner, v. The Municipal Court of
Chicago, Illinois. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus denied.
No. 312, Misc. Arthur Rivers, petitioner, v. Honorable Judge
Luther M. Swygert, Judge, United States District Court, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of mandate denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 10, until Monday,
March 31, next.
No. 379. Ralph Casey, George La Clair, and Edward Plesa, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Submitted by Mr. F. M.
Reischling for the petitioners and Mr. Solicitor General Perlman.
Mr. Assistant Attorney General McInerney, Mr. James L. Morrison,
Miss Beatrice Rosenberg, and Mr. Murry Dee Randall for the re-
spondent.
No. 224. Public Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia,
Capital Transit Company, et al., petitioners, v. Franklin S. Pollak
and Guy Martin; and
No. 295. Franklin S. Pollak and Guy Martin, petitioners, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia, Capital Transit
Company, and Washington Transit Radio, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Theodore Pierson for Washington Transit Radio, Inc., et al., and by
Mr. Paul M. Segel for Pollak et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 126,
426, 401, 414, 282, 373, 443, and 450.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1952
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
John D. Home, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J.
Allen, Jr.; William M. Aiken, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. John Lord O'Brian; William M. Alper, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
Martin J. Vigderman, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Joseph Weiner, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Abraham E. Freedman; John
D. Gray, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. A. L. Wirin; John
F. Duff, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Barrett Quirk;
Eugene D. Farley, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. C. Dinwiddie
Stores; Frank J. McAdams, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Morris Miller; Arthur W. Krauss, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Francis A. O'Connell, Jr.; Edward S. Irons, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. James P. Burns; J. Bruce Kellison, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick M. Bradley; Louis R.
Harolds, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Rein; Leslie
D. Ringer, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Robert C. Mc-
Connell; Mark Friedman, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Oliver
J. Dompierre; and Lindsey E. Martin, of Sulphur, Okla., on motion
of Mr. Wesley E. Disney, were admitted to practice.
No. 126. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. American
National Insurance Company. Argued by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner
for the petitioner and Mr. Louis J. Dibrell for the respondent.
No. 426. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence E.
Hood, Jr., Frank F. Mize, Bascom C. Beasley, et al. Argued by Mr.
Philip Elman for the appellant and Mr. Ben F. Cameron for the
appellees.
No. 401. Konrad G. Johansen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Louis R. Harolds for the petitioner and
Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the respondent.
No. 414. Samuel Mandel, Administrator of the Estate of Robert
Willie Dillehay, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of
952806-52--47

TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1952
138
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 414,
282, 373, 443, and 450.
✓

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1952
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Philip S. Campbell, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Kenneth
F. Burgess; Howell John Hatcher, of Morganton, N. C., on motion of
Mr. Clyde R. Hoey; Adolph Alexander, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William V. O'Connor; A. Clair Sager, of Richmond,
Va., on motion of Mr. J. Vaughan Gary; Harold Dublirer, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Temple W. Seay; Wharey M. Freeze,
of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Fergus Belanger; Sol Henry
Brown, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Nolan P. Chipman, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Eulan I. Snyder; Rolla C. Van Kirk, of Lin-
coln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Herman Smith, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. David L. Krooth; Jonathan J. Foley,
Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Daniel S. Ring; Rosalind
Skehan Jamison, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John W.
Kopecky; and Bruce A. Hecker, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Edward F. Howrey, were admitted to practice.
No. 414. Samuel Mandel, Administrator of the Estate of Robert
Willie Dillehay, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for
the petitioner; by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner.
No. 282. Swift and Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the appellant; con-
tinued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellees, United States
and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for
the appellees, Railroad defendants; by Mr. Lee J. Quasey for the
appellees, National Live Stock Producers Association et al.; by Mr.
Nuel D. Belnap for the appellees, Chicago Live Stock Exchange et al.;
and by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 282,
373, 443, and 450.
☑
952806-52-48

THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1952
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Squire N. Williams, Jr., of Frankfort, Ky., on motion of Mr. John
Gregory Bruce; Daniel S. Morrison, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Will Shafroth; Merle N. Fogg, Jr., of Schenectady, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Harold A. Friedman; Isidore Englander, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; William M. Perlman, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore H. Wachtel; Ford W. Harris,
Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William Wallace
Cochran; Claude A. Fishburn, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Albert L. Reeves, Jr.; and Edward J. McGee, of Bethesda, Md., on
motion of Mr. Neil Tolman, were admitted to practice.
No. 282. Swift and Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the appellant and sub-
mitted by Mr. Guy A. Gladson and Mr. Bryce L. Hamilton for the
appellee, Union Stock Yard and Transit Company of Chicago.
No. 373. Fred Stroble, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Argued by Mr. John D. Gray and Mr. A. L. Wirin for the
petitioner and Mr. Adolph Alexander for the respondent. Leave
granted petitioner to file reply brief within one week.
No. 443. The United States of America, appellant, v. Efroim Spec-
tor. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellant and Mr. John
W. Porter and Mr. A. L. Wirin for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 7, will be as follows: No. 450.

FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1952
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
William Grady Hazlewood, of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Walter Rogers; Robert A. Leedy, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. Walter Norblad; and Richard F. Shaw, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Leonard J. Matteson, were admitted to practice.
No. 450. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Mutual Insurance Company et al. Argued by Mr. James L. Morrisson
for the petitioner and Mr. Leonard J. Matteson for the respondents,
Farr Sugar Corp. et al., and submitted by Mr. Cletus Keating, Mr.
Edwin S. Murphy, and Mr. Louis J. Gusmano for the respondent,
Belgian Overseas Transport, S. A., etc.
Adjourned until Monday, March 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
952806-52-50

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Morris W. Macey, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Philip M.
Glick; Russell Chapin, of Perry, Okla., and James M. DeVinne, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perl-
man; Peter G. Estes, of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr. James
William Trimble; Cecil Weldon Minaker, of Seattle, Wash., on mo-
tion of Mr. Warren G. Magnuson; Lewis T. Gardiner, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Milton M. Unger, of
Newark, N. J., and Sidney S. Jaffe, of Newark, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Adrian Melvyn Unger; Robert A. Sturges, of Solon, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Almon S. Nelson; Otto E. Reik, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Howell John Hatcher; Ralph R. Sachs, of Seat
neck, N. J., on motion of Mr. Martin W. Meyer; Donald B. Kipp, of
Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. W. Crosby Roper, Jr.; Frederick G.
Mehlman, of Saint Johnsbury, Vt., and Clifton G. Parker, of Morris-
ville, Vt., on motion of Mr. John A. Calhoun; Porter B. Byrum, of
Charlotte, N. C., and William Moore Nicholson, of Charlotte, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. Howell John Hatcher; Ralph R. Sacks, of Seat
Pleasant, Md., on motion of Mr. Milton Dunn; Spencer M. Williams,
of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. Alexander Akerman, Jr.; George
W. Nicastro, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. David Wiener; De-
Forest Billyou, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Stanely L.
Temko; Emil Morosini, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
O. R. McGuire; Martin B. Nadle, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Edwin Yourman; and Nelson E. Hubel, of College Park, Md., on
motion of Mr. A. James Martin, were admitted practice.
No. 165. Norman H. Buck and Miguel R. Guerra, appellants, v. The
People of the State of California. Appeal from the Superior Court
in and for the County of San Diego, State of California. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 158. Thomas B. Lilly and Helen W. Lilly, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
952806-52-51

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
143
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals reversed and cause remanded with directions to remand
to the Tax Court with instructions to set aside its judgment insofar
as it is inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 43. Peter Harisiades, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization at the Port of
New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 206. Luigi Mascitti, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General of The United States. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia; and
No. 264. Dora Coleman, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General of the United States, and A. R. Mackey, Acting Commis-
sioner of Immigration and Naturalization. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia. Judgments af-
firmed. Case No. 43 is remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 201, October Term, 1950. Harry Sacher, Richard Gladstein,
George W. Crockett, Jr., Louis F. McCabe, Abraham J. Isserman, and
Eugene Dennis, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 15, Misc. Far Eastern Conference, United States Lines Com-
pany, States Marine Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America and Federal Maritime Board. On writ of certiorari
under 28 U. S. C. 1651 to the United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the District Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 35. Frank Carlson, Miriam Christine Stevenson, David Hyun,
and Harry Carlisle, petitioners, o. Herman R. Landon, District Di-
rector of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United States De-

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
144
partment of Justice. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 136. James W. Butterfield, Director of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Detroit, Michigan, petitioner, v. John Zydok.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment in No. 35 affirmed and cause remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia. Judgment of Court of Appeals in No. 136 vacated and cause
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan for further proceedings in accordance with the opinion
of this Court, with directions to order the release of the respondent
Zydok unless within a reasonable time in the discretion of the Court
he is rearrested under a new warrant. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Disssenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton.
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and that of the Dis-
trict Court affirmed, and cause remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 134. A/S J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi et al., appellants, v.
Isbrandtsen Co., Inc., et al.; and
No. 135. Federal Maritime Board, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. Per Curiam: The judgment
is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 312. Charles L'Hommedieu, Johanna M. Lindlof, Lucille
Spence, et al., appellants, v. The Board of Regents of the University
of the State of New York et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of New York. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Adler v.
Board of Education, No. 8, October Term 1951, decided March 3, 1952.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas
dissent for the reasons stated in their respective dissenting opinions
in Adler v. Board of Education.
No. 579. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
James McWilliams Blue Line, Incorporated, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
145
Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Interstate Commerce Commission v. Mechling, 330 U. S.
567.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 230. Besser Manufacturing Company and Jesse H. Besser,
appellants, v. The United States of America. The motion of appel-
lants to continue is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 253. Memphis Steam Laundry Cleaner, Inc., appellant, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission of the State of Mississippi.
The motion of appellant for the issuance of the mandate forthwith,
counsel for appellee agreeing, is granted.
No. 428. Pennsylvania Water and Power Company and Susque-
hanna Transmission Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 429. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. The motions of respondents to postpone
argument until the week of April 21 is denied.
No. 543. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Mo-
tion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
No. 590. Robert M. Wieman, Nancy Kent Ziebur, Werner C. Baum,
et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Updegraff, the Board of Regents of the
Oklahoma Agricultural Colleges. et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 517. Richard A. McGee, Director, California Department of
Corrections, and Robert A. Heinze, Warden, etc., petitioners, v. James
Nels Ekberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 274, Misc. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen,
Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Carolina. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted and the case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on
the summary docket.
No. 281. James Martin MacInnis, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted. Mr.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
146
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 466. The United States, petitioner, v. The Great Lakes Dredge
and Dock Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 500. Michael H. Parish, doing Business under the Name and
Style of Alleghany Asphalt and Paving Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 548. Century Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 549. John J. Muth, petitioner, v. Aetna Oil Company, Johnston
Drilling Company, Incorporated, Fred J. Keck et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 558. Everlasting Development Corporation, Long Corporation,
and L. D. Long, petitioners, v. Sol Luis Descartes et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 563. Poole Foundry and Machine Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 572. J. C. Thompson et al., petitioners, v. American Power and
Light Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 300, October Term, 1950. Vincent W. Hallinan, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 381. Muriel F. McCarty et al., by Muriel F. McCarty, Guard-
ian ad litem, petitioners, v. R. R. Nelson, Administrator of the Estate
of Albie C. Sansbury, et al.; and
No. 480. Paterson Parchment Paper Company, petitioner, v. Inter-
national Brotherhood of Paper Makers et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 319, Misc. Earl D. Bircham, petitioner, v. Jess W. Buchanan,
Warden et al.; and
No. 320, Misc. Earl D. Bircham, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky. Dismissed on motions of counsel for petitioners.
No. 357, Misc. Fred S. Pritchett, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
147
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 155, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. J. E. Over-
lade, Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Terre Haute, Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 201, Misc. Cecil F. Reeves, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 211, Misc. Otis Spencer, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden, U. S. Medical Center, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 230, Misc. Michael Grizzanti, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 231, Misc. Charles LaNovara, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 268, Misc. Lindell Wayne Howard, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 290, Misc. Joseph Anthony, petitioner, v. Honorable Samuel
H. Kaufman, Judge of the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 308, Misc. John Kill, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 309, Misc. Anthony Freapane, petitioner, v. The State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 338, Misc. George C. Cubbler, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 340, Misc. Mary Welday Rippe, Widow and Executrix of
William Daniel Rippe, petitioner, v. Walter F. Stahlhuth et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 344, Misc. John P. Byars, petitioner, v. Colonel Edwin T.
Swenson, Warden of the Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 349, Misc. John E. Berry, petitioner, v. Thomas McDonnell,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1952
148
No. 363, Misc. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 366, Misc. John J. Holly, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 345, Misc. Donald Hicks, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 313, Misc. William H. Chapman, petitioner, v. John H. Lam-
neck et al. Petition for writ of quo warranto dismissed on motion
of petitioner.
No. 314, Misc. Ex parte Philadelphia and Norfolk Steamship Com-
pany and Southern Trading Company, petitioners. Motion for leave
to file petition from writ of prohibition and/or mandamus denied.
No. 331, Misc. Ex parte Bertha A. Paquette, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and habeas corpus
denied.
No. 334, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Unrecht, petitioner; and
No. 370, Misc. Dan Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus denied.
No. 359, Misc. LeRoy Porter, petitioner, v. The Municipal Court of
Chicago, Illinois. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus denied.
The order as to sessions announced March 3, is amended to read
as follows:
"The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 10, until Mon-
day, March 24, next."
Adjourned until Monday, March 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Marvin E. Frankel, of Falls Church, Va., Max H. Goldschein, of
Nashville, Tenn., and Frank L. Ramacciotti, of St. Louis, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman; John M. Hard-
age, of Texarkana, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lindley G. Beckworth;
Rudolf Amann, of Newton Center, Mass., on motion of Mr. Max C.
Louis; Clarence G. Pechacek, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Leo A. Rover; Frank W. Swacker, of New York, N. Y., on motion.
of Mr. James Wallace Kemp; R. Nolan Moosa, of Eunice, La., on
motion of Mr. Hale Boggs; William James DeMartini, of Los An-
geles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Willis E. Ruffner; Robert E. Cum-
mings, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Carl B. Klein; Caradine
Ray Hooton, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John H. Awtry;
Michael P. Armenis, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Franklin
W. Clarke; Emanuel H. Bloch, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Joseph Forer; Otho S. Books, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of
Mr. Hoyt G. Irving; and Chas. J. Clasby, of Fairbanks, Alaska, on
motion of Mr. Northcutt Ely, were admitted to practice.
No. 173. Joseph T. Lykes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice-
Frankfurter joins.
No. 195. James Rutkin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in.
which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice
Douglas concur.
No. 391. Joseph B. Bruner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
952806-52--52

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
150
United States District Court for the Middle District of Georgia.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 619. William Propst, Wilbur E. Coole, and Carl Olson, appel-
lants, v. The Board of Educational Lands and Funds of the State
of Nebraska et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Nebraska. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 388. Leroy J. Robertson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to remove this case from the summary docket
is denied.
No. 517. Richard A. McGee, Director, California Department of
Corrections, and Robert A. Heinze, Warden, etc., petitioners, v. James
Nels Ekberg. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 621. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, appellants, v. The L. A. Tucker Truck Lines, In-
corporated. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case
is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 334. Harry Gordon, Officer in Charge, Immigration and Nat-
uralization Service, Department of Justice, petitioner, v. Knut Einar
Heikkinen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 649. Ben F. Ray, as Chairman of the State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee of Alabama, petitioner, v. Edmund Blair. The appli-
cation for a stay is granted and it is ordered that the judgments and
mandates of the Circuit Court and Supreme Court of Alabama be,
and they are hereby, stayed pending further consideration and dis-
position of the case by this Court. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Alabama is granted and the case is assigned
for argument on Monday, March 31, next, at the head of the call for
that day. Argument is to be directed to the application for stay as
well as the merits. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
151
No. 300, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith,
petitioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of Philadelphia
County Prison. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
appellate docket.
No. 333, Misc. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket. Case placed on summary docket and assigned for argument
immediately following No. 643.
No. 396. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Fred I.
Tourtelot and Mary H. Tourtelot. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit dismissed
on motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 508. Albo Trading Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 509. Malvin Volk, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 538. Harry Gregory et al., petitioners, v. Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 550. Augusto R. Soltero, petitioner, v. Sol Luis Descartes,
Treasurer of Puerto Rico, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 554. Joao Freire Sineiro, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 556. Charles H. Lawson, as Administrator of the Goods, Chat-
tels and Credits which were of Antonio Scull Cardenas, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 562. M. L. Jewell, as Chief Overseer and Supreme Head of
the Church of the Living God, the Pillar and Ground of Truth, peti-
tioner, v. Honorable Elmer D. Davies, United States District Judge.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 564. The General Shoe Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
152
No. 566. Joseph Rosenblum and Sadie Rosenblum, Co-Partners,
Trading and doing Business as Modern Manner Clothes, petitioners, v.
The Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 571. J. W. Crank, Texas and Pacific Railway Company, and
other Landowners in the McKinney Bayou Drainage District of Miller
County, Arkansas, petitioners, v. J. Ripley Greer, Trustee and W. R.
Stevens Investment Company, Incorporated, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 573. Gussie P. Chapman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 576. General American Transportation Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Indiana Harbor Belt Railroad Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 596. Southwest Stone Company, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kan-
sas-Texas Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 613. Jean G. L. Cassel Van Doorn and Marij V. Cassel Van
Doorn, petitioners, v. William Henig, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Re-
gency, Incorporated, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 387. William Walter Remington, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Motion to dispense with printing the record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Dissenting memorandum
filed by Mr. Justice Black, with whom Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
As to the legal significance of a denial of the petition for writ of
certiorari, Mr. Justice Frankfurter refers to his memoranda in Mary-
land v. Baltimore Radio Show, Inc., 338 U. S. 912, and Agoston v.
Pennsylvania, 340 U. S. 844. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 533. Walter H. Foster et al., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation. Motion to proceed on typewritten copies of record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 553. Joseph Adamowski, James E. Jackson, and DeLey R.
Graham, petitioners, v. Honorable Guy K. Bard, Judge, United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, et al.
Motion to dispense with printing petition and record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
153
No. 430. Community Services, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 488. Edward Heagney, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern Dis-
trict Terminal. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 497. State of Illinois and the Illinois Commerce Commission
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Motion of
certain parties to join in the petition for rehearing denied. Petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 298, Misc. John Edwin Byers et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 358, Misc. George W. Van Horn, petitioner, v. Browning Rob-
inson, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Randolph County, Illinois, dismissed on motion of peti-
tioner.
No. 163, Misc. Henry Thomas, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 190, Misc. Manning Strewl, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 238, Misc. Clarence P. Adams, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters,
Jr., Warden, Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 241, Misc. Charles Harrigan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 252, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 284, Misc. McKinley Alexander, petitioner, v. The State of
New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 286, Misc. Leroy Bundy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
cf Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 291, Misc. William A. Tyler, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 296, Misc. Nell Rummans Rash, petitioner, v. The People's De-
posit Bank and Trust Company, Executor of Clarence Jones Wright
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
154
No. 303, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Fletcher
Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph C. Reing, United States Marshal. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 316, Misc. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 318, Misc. Wash Baxter, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 327, Misc. Penny Freeman, petitioner, v. Railroad Retirement
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 332, Misc. George Vega, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 341, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 343, Misc. Emanuel Cannady, petitioner, v. The People of the
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 347, Misc. Thomas Feeley, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 354, Misc. Wesley Winters, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden, Wisconsin State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 356, Misc. William Kemmerer, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 362, Misc. Sterling Ferguson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 365, Misc. Chester Hibbs, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr.,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Ap-
peals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 367, Misc. In the Matter of Albert Mulvey, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 375, Misc. Joseph Traina, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
155
No. 376, Misc. Calvin Roberts, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 377, Misc. Eligah Stingly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 380, Misc. Andrew Johnson, petitioner, v. The State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 389, Misc. Green Wilburn, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, as
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 390, Misc.Michael R. Simon, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 398, Misc. Glen Earl Losinger, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 218, Misc. Robert Wilfred Antrobus, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Application for bail denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit also denied.
No. 337, Misc. Leo Van Eps, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus.
also denied.
No. 335, Misc. Harry Lee Dodd, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden, United States Medical Center;
No. 346, Misc. Charles Van Newkirk, petitioner, v. John F. Mc-
Neill, Superintendent, Matteawan State Hospital;
No. 350, Misc. Kenneth Pardee, petitioner, o. The State of Michi-
igan;
No. 355, Misc. Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary;
No. 364, Misc. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary; and
No. 374, Misc. T. J. Farley, petitioner, o. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 353, Misc. Gloria O. Towing Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Honorable Mortimer W. Byers, Judge, etc. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of prohibition and/or mandamus denied. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit also denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1952
156
No. 352, Misc. David H. Johnson, petitioner, v. The State of Utah;
and
No. 360, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Applications denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, March 31,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, March 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 649,
338, 448 (and 504), 456, 395, 461, 442, 570, and 428 (and 429).

TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1952
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 649. Ben F. Ray, as Chairman of the State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee of Alabama, petitioner, v. Edmund Blair. The
motion of respondent to vacate or modify the stay order of March 24,
1952, is denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
Adjourned until Monday, March 31, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Harold M. Cook, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. James J.
Mayfield; Ozie Harold Johnson, of Dayton, Ohio, Lester Lewis Jay,
of New York, N. Y., and Irving Brodsky, of Providence, R. I., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman; R. C. Wood-
ward, of El Dorado, Kans., and Mason Mahin, of Topeka, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert Rees; Clarence L. Thacker, of
Kissimmee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dwight L. Rogers; Richard H. Lee,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Asa B. Groves,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Paul H.
McMurray, of Floydada, Tex., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Akers;
John N. Jackson, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Elmore White-
hurst; Harry H. Lugg, of Rockville, Conn., on motion of Mr. John
A. Danaher; Donald E. Bateman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Royal E. Jackson; Thomas D. Wood, of San Antonio, Tex., and Robert
Joseph Ritter, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Bert E. John-
son; William H. Fowler, of Marion, Ill., on motion of Mr. William J.
Houston; Robert Joseph O'Keefe, of Worcester, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Warren Gates Harris: Charles H. Gordon, of Hampton, Va., on
motion of Mr. Frank A. Kearney; Richmond Moore, Jr., of Rich-
mond, Va., on motion of Mr. Francis Thornton Greene; David R.
Wilkinson, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray S. Donald-
son; Francis Patrick O'Neill, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Norris C. Bakke; Stanley I. Adelstein, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Paul R. Harmel; Charles W. Webster, of Buffalo, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Manly Fleischmann; Charles Y. Wadsworth, of Way-
land, Mass., on motion of Mr. Gerald T. O'Hara; Marvel Dell Shore,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Irving Shore; John A.
Eichman 3d, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Mon-
arch; and Emmet McNulty Ferguson, of De Land, Fla., on motion of
Mr. A. Harry Becker, were admitted to practice.
No. 426. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence E.
Hood, Jr., Frank F. Mize, Bascom C. Beasley, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Missis-
sippi. Judgment reversed and case remanded for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
952806-52--54

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
159
Justice Frankfurter announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Minton concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 529. Jennie B. Downey, petitioner, v. Herbert Beck. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to the Court of
Appeals for further consideration in the light of Beck v. West Coast
Life Ins. Co., decided by the Supreme Court of California on March
21, 1952.
No. 635. Glenn M. Anderson, Lyle Cook, Jack Goldberger, et al.,
appellants, v. Frank M. Jordan, as Secretary of State of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
See MacDougall v. Green, 335 U. S. 281 (1948); Colegrove v. Green,
328 U.S. 549 (1946); Wood v. Broom, 287 U. S. 1 (1932). Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 522. Joseph Burstyn, Incorporated, appellant, v. Lewis A.
Wilson, Commissioner of Education of the State of New York, et al.
The motion for leave to file brief of the Committee on Constitutional
Liberties of the National Lawyers Guild, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 559. The United States, petitioner, v. Bell Aircraft Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted.
No. 324, Misc. David Brock, petitioner, v. The State of North
Carolina. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina granted and case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 510. Charles Redcay Warfel, as Assignee for the Benefit of
Creditors of the Haneel Company, a Partnership, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 575. Meyer Schneider, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
160
No. 584. Paul D. Lynch, petitioner, v. Howard J. Gruber and
Isabel Gruber, Husband and Wife. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 585. Martin Mayrath, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Manu-
facturing Company, a Partnership Composed of Harold E. Goetz and
Albert J. Goetz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 587. Ingersoll-Rand Company and Robert H. Pott, Holsclaw
Brothers, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Black and Decker Manu-
facturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 592. Helen Scott Fairbanks, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 603. Donald J. MacFarlane, petitioner, v. The Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 608. Mrs. Pauline R. Burks, petitioner, v. Colonial Life and
Accident Insurance Company of Columbia, South Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 615. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. M. F. White. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 577. Eusebius James Biggs, petitioner, v. Anton Plebanek et al.
Motion for judgment and costs denied. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Illinois also denied.
No. 578. Eusebius James Biggs, petitioner, v. Ulysses S. Schwartz
et al. Petition for injunction, for judgment, and other relief denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit also denied.
No. 261, October Term, 1949. Frank M. Cobb, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file second peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
No. 85. Idonah Slade Perkins, petitioner, v. Benguet Consolidated
Mining Company, an Alien Business Association known as Sociedad
Anonima, et al.; and
No. 272, Misc. Henry Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 141, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger et al. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 328, Misc. Roy L. Story, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Petition

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
161
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 348, Misc. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 372, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Robert Jelli-
son, petitioner, v. The Warden of the New Jersey State Prison. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 378, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Clarence
Smith, petitioner, v. The Warden of the New Jersey State Prison.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Frederick
Bunk, petitioner, v. The Warden of the New Jersey State Prison.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Darwin W. Millage, petitioner, v. The State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 386, Misc. Harold L. Hagerman, petitioner, v. The State of
Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 393, Misc. William McCoy, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 399, Misc. Robert Marshall, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 140, Misc. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. R. W. Flournoy
and Joseph A. Fitzwater and Anne Fitzwater, his Wife. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 321, Misc. Major Preston, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied for the reason that the application therefor was not
made within the time provided by law. Rule 38½ of the Rules of the
Supreme Court.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
162
No. 342, Misc. Mary Boyd Alloway, petitioner, v. Marcia Simpson,
Superintendent of the Wisconsin Home for Women. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 351, Misc. John L. Hurley, petitioner, v. The City of Atlanta,
Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Georgia denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should
be granted.
No. 391, Misc. George Harris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied. Petition for allowance of appeal also denied.
No. 385, Misc. George W. Bailey, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden;
No. 388, Misc. Witold H. Curlanis, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 392, Misc. Rudolph J. Pfister, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Super-
intendent, etc.; and
No. 402, Misc. In re Herbert N. Shenkin, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 400, Misc. Sylvester Elliott, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for judgment denied. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 383, Misc. Harry Joseph Ryan, petitioner, v. Those States of
the United States using Voting Machines for National and all other
Elections, etc. Petition denied.
No. 414, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Martin Young,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, the District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization, etc. Application for bail denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 7, until Monday,
April 21, next.
No. 649. Ben F. Ray, as Chairman of the State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee of Alabama, petitioner, v. Edmund Blair. Argued
by Mr. Marx Leva and Mr. Harold M. Cook for the petitioner and Mr.
Horace C. Wilkinson for the respondent.
No. 388. LeRoy J. Robertson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Samuel E. Blackham for the petitioner and
by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the respondent.
No. 448. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Ruberoid
Company; and

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1952
163
No. 504. The Ruberoid Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Cyrus Austin for the
Ruberoid Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 448 (and
504), 456, 395, 461, 442, 570, and 428 (and 429).
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1952
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Mario S. Mazzuchi, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William
J. Hughes, Jr.; Arthur E. Brown, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Miles H. Knowles; Jerome Katz, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Herman A. Greenberg; Paul M. Shuford, of Richmond, Va.,
and E. Ballard Baker, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Russell O.
Pettibone; Thomas D. Begley, of Burlington, N. J., and C. Zachary
Seltzer, of Burlington, N. J., on motion of Mr. Morton Liftin; Frank
L. Hirst, of San Diego, Calif., and Arnold Teks, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; William B. Esterman, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Rein; Ernest Ray White, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Bert B. Rand; Joseph F. Castiello,
of Washington, D. C., Ralph F. Berlow, of Washington, D. C., and
George L. Rutherford, of Frankfort, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Austin
F. Canfield; and George A. LeMaistre, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Marx Leva, were admitted to practice.
No. 448. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Ruberoid
Company; and
No. 504. The Ruberoid Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Cyrus Austin for The
Ruberoid Co. and concluded by Mr. James Cassedy for the Federal
Trade Commission.
No. 456. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
Henning et al. Argued by Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioner and
Mr. Richard H. Lee for the respondent, Joseph S. Kennedy, Adm'r.
No. 395. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert E. Paradise for
the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 395,
461, 442, 570, and 428 (and 429).
☑
952806-52-55

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1952
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Russell E. Schlorff, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. H. G.
Morison; William Pendleton Sandridge, of Winston-Salem, N. C., on
motion of Mr. Charles Clark; James R. Golden, of Leesburg, Fla., on
motion of Mr. George C. Young: Milton P. Webster, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. George M. Johnson; Edwin J. McDermott, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Isidor Ostroff; Tobias Weiss, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Arnold Raum; W. Hightower
Smith, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. J. Fielding Jones;
Madora Jane Doherty, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Jerome
James Doherty; Helen F. Krause, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Harold Leon Winston; and Karl M. Foust, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Earl Clifford Walck, were admitted to
practice.
No. 395. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Argument continued by Mr. Robert E. Paradise for the
appellant and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morison
for the appellee.
No. 461. Irving Greenberg, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Max N. Goldschein for the respondent.
No. 442. Eugene M. Brunner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. William B. Esterman and Mr. A. L. Wirin
for the petitioner and by Mr. J. F. Bishop for the respondent.
No. 570. Tomoya Kawakita, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Morris Lavine for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 570 and
428 (and 429).
☑
952806-52――56

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1952
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Russell G. Nesbitt, of Wheeling, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Will
Shafroth; Henry T. Wickham, of Richmond, Va., and C. Champion
Bowles, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Lindsay Almond, Jr.;
Everett I. Willis, of New York, N. Y., Horace B. B. Robinson, of New
York, N. Y., and Ulrich Schweitzer, of New York, N. Y., on motion.
of Mr. Wilkie Bushby; Joseph A. Andrew, of LaFayette, Ind., on mo-
tion of Mr. H. Russell Bishop; and G. Kenneth Reiblich, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Alfred P. Ramsey, were admitted to practice.
No. 649. Ben F. Ray, as Chairman of the State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee of Alabama, petitioner, v. Edmund Blair. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ala-
bama for further proceedings. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 570. Tomoya Kawakita, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Morris Lavine and Mr. A. L.
Wirin for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the
respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file reply brief within five
days.
No. 428. Pennsylvania Water and Power Company and Susque-
hanna Transmission Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 429. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Four hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Wilkie Bushby for the petitioners,
Pennsylvania Water & Power Co. et al.; and continued by Mr. William
J. Grove for the petitioner, Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission;
952806-52-57

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1952
167
and by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent, Federal
Power Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 4, will be as follows: No. 428 (and
429).
Х

FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
168
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Donald C. Walker, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter
Norblad; Emerson K. Elkins, of Peru, Ind., on motion of Mr. Earl
A. Snyder; William Preston Palmer, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Wilkie Bushby; Gilbert S. Rosenthal, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John L. Grabber; and Charles Leslie Pain, of
Chickasha, Okla., on motion of Mr. Preston E. Peden, were admitted
to practice.
No. 428. Pennsylvania Water and Power Company and Susque-
hanna Transmission Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 429. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Perlman for the respondent, Federal Power Commission; by
Mr. Alfred Ramsey for respondent, Consolidated Gas Electric Light
and Power Co., of Baltimore; by Mr. Charles D. Harris for respond-
ent, Public Service Commission of Maryland, and concluded by Mr.
Wilkie Bushby for petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, April 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
952806-52--58

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1952
169
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Min-
ton.
Josephine R. Garrison, of Washington, D. C., and Robert V. Carton,
of Asbury Park, N. J., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B.
Perlman; E. Bruce Foster, of Knoxville, Tenn., and Wm. C. Wil-
son, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; John
C. Deacon, of Jonesboro, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Noble
J. Allen, Jr., of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers;
Hardy W. Hollers, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. James J. Leni-
han; Jack I. Levy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Bartholomew
Diggins; Lowell C. Davis, of Sidney, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl
T. Curtis; Manuel Auerbach, of Washington, D. C., Morris Dersho-
witz, of New York, N. Y., and Charles B. Tachau, of Louisville, Ky.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Wick; Robert L. Hood, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Bennett Boskey; Louis T. Shulman, of Dayton,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward M. Shulman; Elsie Rand, of Sum-
mit, N. J., on motion of Mr. Kahl K. Spriggs; Samuel Maidman, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Harold E. Mott; Herbert R.
Burris, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Thayer Chapman; Carl
J. Schuck, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. James A. Mc-
Kenna, Jr.; William Kendrick Rhodes, Jr., of Wilmington, N. C.,
Henry Winfield Smith, of Wilmington, N. C., and Wesley E. Mc-
Donald, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert H. McNeill; Allan
M. Wilson, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Wendell Berge; Alvin
A. Underhill, of Alhambra, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert N. Hislop;
and Harrell A. Simpson, of Pocahontas, Ark., on motion of Mr. W.
F. Norrell, were admitted to practice.
No. 178. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation, A. G., petitioner, v. J.
Howard McGrath, Attorney General and as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of
Court of Appeals vacated and cause remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia for consideration, in the
light of the opinion of this Court in Kaufman v. Societe Interna-
952806-52--59

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1952
170
tionale, No. 172, and the opinion of this Court in this case, of any
application respecting the reopening of the case for the assertion of
the rights of Fritz von Opel that may be made on behalf of Fritz von
Opel within 30 days from the date of remand. In all other respects
the judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 373. Fred Stroble, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 443. The United States of America, appellant, v. Efroim Spec-
tor. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California. Judgment reversed and case remanded for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 172. Eric G. Kaufman and Aenni C. Kaufman, petitioners, v.
Societe Internationale pour Participations Industrielles et Commer-
ciales, S. A. etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Minton
join. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 442. Eugene M. Brunner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: Judgment reversed. Blau v.
United States, 340 U. S. 159. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice
Douglas dissent. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 461. Irving Greenberg, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: Judgment reversed. Hoffman v.
United States, 341 U. S. 479. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton
dissent. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1952
The Chief Justice said:
171
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 638. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Patricia
J. Reynolds, Phyllis Brauner, and Elizabeth Palya. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 586. Olin Industries, Incorporated, Winchester Repeating
Arms Company Division, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 589. N. G. Seitz and B. S. Gladney, petitioners, v. The Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Nations and the United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 594. David D. Lewis and Jackson, Rives and Pettus, petitioner,
v. Railroad Retirement Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 595. John W. Woolley, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 599. Lionel H. Sanger, petitioner, v. The Plomb Tool Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 607. Stanolind Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v. West
Edmond Hunton Lime Unit, a Body Politic and Corporate. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 620. Brown and Bigelow, petitioner, v. The B. B. Pen Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 622. Ben Preston, petitioner, v. The Continental Oil Com-
pany, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 567. The Delaware and Hudson Company et al., petitioners, v.
The Boston Railroad Holding Company et al.; and
No. 593. James B. Magenis, F. W. Applestein, Charles A. Bodie,
et al., petitioners, v. Boston Railroad Holding Company, et al. The
motion for leave to file brief of Dayton P. Haigney and associates as
amici curiae or to obtain consideration of a brief as Co-Parties Peti-

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1952
172
tioner is denied. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 588. Raphael R. Richardson, petitioner, v. Theodore Britton,
Deputy Commissioner, District of Columbia Compensation District,
Federal Security Agency, Western Union Telegraph Company. Mo-
tion to dispense with printing petition and record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 606. Adelheidt Augusta Nina Edwina Von Hardenberg and
Irmgard Stella Von Alten, petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attor-
ney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 143. Verna Leib Sutton, petitioner, v. R. Wells Leib;
No. 317. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., appellant, v. State of Missouri;
No. 349. First National Bank of Chicago, as Executor of the
Estate of John Louis Nelson, deceased, petitioner, v. United Air Lines,
Inc.;
No. 514. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration;
No. 515. Annis Wyche and Robert C. Thorpe, petitioners, v. The
United States of America;
No. 520. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, appel-
lant, v. Director, Division of Tax Appeals of the Department of the
Treasury of the State of New Jersey;
No. 523. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Mary S. M.
Loughry, petitioner, v. The Board of Education of the City of
Chicago;
No. 540. W. M. Cox, appellant, v. James S. Peters and Mrs. Iris
Blitch:
No. 544. Robert L. Richards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 287, Misc. James Mulkey, petitioner, v. The United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 21, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 21, will be as follows: Nos.
Orig. Texas v. New Mexico, 230, 458, 474, 493, 513, 522, 543, and
301 (and 302).
☑

e correction
180
MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
James J. Penne, of Los Angeles, Calif., W. R. Bentley, of Atlanta,
Ga., Richard Kent Stacer, of Seattle, Wash., Joe L. Martinez, of
Albuquerque, N. Mex., Kenneth Rosengren, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and William B. Dillon, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman; J. H. Mayo, of Dallas, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; Martin A. Threet, of Albu-
querque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Fred E. Wilson; Geo., Henry
Potter, of Dartmouth, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. Duggan;
Horace Warren Kimbrell, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
James P. Kem; Aubrey C. Evans, of New Orleans, La., on motion of
Mr. Hale Boggs; Said Michael Touma, of Port Huron, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Jesse P. Walcott; Eugene G. Nahler, of Saint Louis,
Mo., and Alvin J. Baumann, of Saint Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Edner Clyde Algire; Henry D. Espy, of Saint Louis, Mo.. on motion
of Mr. Joseph C. Waddy; Arthur E. Farmer, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Francis D. Stephens; John G. Tomlin, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, and George W. Peterson, of Balsam Lake, Wis., on
motion of Mr. George C. Young; Jesse P. Luton, Jr., of Austin, Tex.,
and K. Bert Watson, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Eugene T.
Edwards; Taylor C. Burneson, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Thomas A. Jenkins; Edgar John Roccati, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. James Edwin Bailey; William H. Thornton, Jr., of
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Herbert Elliott Ost; John Thomas
Miller, Jr., of Watertown, Conn., on motion of Mr. William Stanley,
Jr.; June D. Borina, of Santa Cruz, Calif., on motion of Mr. George
E. McMurray, Jr.; Walter A. Rafalko, of Saint Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Jasper S. Costa; David T. Berman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Bernard J. Gallagher; Samuel Paige, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mrs. Norma Z. Paige; Edward R. Duffy, of Pal-
mer, Mass., and James W. Duffy, of Palmer, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Richard Arens; Michael E. Mooney, of Scarsdale, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Louis Loss; John G. Coleman, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr.; Joseph G. Blum, of New York, N. Y.,
and Herbert Goldenberg, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
George M. Szabad; Howard N. Meyer, of New York, N. Y., on motion
952806-52――60

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
174
of Mr. David Rein; Peyton Howard Moss, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Roy W. McDonald; Ben Paul Noble, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Benjamin Dorsey; and George W. Stengel, of Sid-
ney, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles Sager Collier, were admitted to
practice.
No. 450. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Atlantic Mu-
tual Insurance Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Burton joins.
No. 395. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of California. Per Curiam: The Court is of the
opinion that the issues raised by this appeal are substantially the
same as those decided in Standard Oil Co. v. United States, 337
U. S. 293 (1949). Accordingly, the judgment of the District Court is
affirmed.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, and
Mr. Justice Burton, while adhering to their views expressed in Stand-
ard Oil Co. v. United States, supra, join in affirming the judgment
of the District Court in this case.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, not having heard the argument, owing
to illness, took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
Opinion announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 78. Marianna Von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies, Su-
perintendent of the Detroit House of Correction. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Per Curiam: Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 665. Auto Transports, Incorporated, and General Motors Cor-
poration, appellants, v. The United States of America and the Inter-
state Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States District
Court of Oklahoma, Western District. Per Curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
175
No. 671. The Baltimore Steam Packet Company, appellant, v. The
Commonwealth of Virginia; and
No. 672. The Norfolk, Baltimore, and Carolina Line, Incorporated,
appellant, v. The Commonwealth of Virginia. Appeals from the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeals are dismissed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 456. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
Henning et al. This case is restored to the docket for reargument and
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 543. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Motion for leave to file brief of Joseph Steinberg and Donald Stein-
berg as amici curiae denied. Memorandum filed by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter with a statement by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 647. The American Trucking Associations, Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 662. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Beacon
Brass Company, Incorporated and Maurice Feinberg. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 645. The Gulf Research and Development Company et al.,
petitioners, v. The Honorable Paul Leahy, United States District
Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 646. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. C-O-Two Fire Equip-
ment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 203, Misc. William Baumet et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the
appellate docket, placed on the summary docket and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 456.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
176
No. 580. Central Hide and Rendering Company, a Partnership,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 583. Ray Hoptowit, John Doe, and Richard Roe, petitioners, v.
Seufert Brothers Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 598. Gregory R. Martini, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 600. Florida Dehydration Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 602. Silvio Amoroso, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 604. E. O. Handzik, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. Frances Dickerson, alias Bertha Baker. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 609. Edward S. Harvey and James F. Mann, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 614. Grace H. Kelham, Leila H. Neill, Ellis M. Moore, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 618. Al Major, petitioner, v. Phillips-Jones Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 627. Curtis C. Straub and Miriam I. Straub, petitioners, v.
Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy for the Estate of Curmar
Manufacturing Company, a Co-Partnership, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 628. Arthur Anthony Rocco, alias Arthur Lewis, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 629. Tishman Realty and Construction Company, Incorpo-
rated, Petitioner, v. The United States of America, 49,375 Square Feet,
more or less, in the Borough of Manhattan, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
177
No. 631. Turiddo Simoni, petitioner, v. S. Grill D'Ippolito. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 632. Foss T. Smithdeal, J. Benbow Jones, Executors of John
F. Smithdeal, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The Atlantic Greyhound
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 633. E. Field White, petitioner, v. John J. Fitzpatrick, as
Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 634. Antoinette Turek, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 636. Irving K. Baxter, petitioner, v. The State of New York,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 653. Loew's, Incorporated, Paramount Film Distributing Cor-
poration, et al., petitioners, v. David E. Milgram et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 524. Chemical Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Group of Institutional Investors, etc.;
No. 525. Alleghany Corporation, petitioner, v. Group of Institu-
tional Investors, etc.;
No. 526. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company 54% Secured Serial
Bondholders Committee, petitioner, v. Group of Institutional In-
vestors, etc.;
No. 527. John V. Farwell III et al., petitioners, v. Group of Insti-
tutional Investors, etc.; and
No. 528. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Group
of Institutional Investors, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the petitions should be
granted. Mr. Justice Frankfurter will file a memorandum with the
Clerk.
No. 582. Herman Maxwell, petitioner, v. The State of Arkansas.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 601. The Erie Forge Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Jackson are of the opinion certiorari should be
granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
178
No. 616. Dan M. White and John H. White, petitioners, v. The
United States of America and Joseph E. Brown, United States At-
torney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 201, October Term, 1950. Harry Sacher, Richard Gladstein,
George W. Crockett, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 300, October Term, 1950. Vincent W. Hallinan, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Motion for leave to file second peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this motion.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lula Hickey
Thomas. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 165. Norman H. Buck, Miguel R. Guerra, appellants, v. The
People of the State of California;
No. 555. Mortgage Finance Corporation and May C. Stock, appel-
lants, v. D. D. Watson, Real Estate Commissioner of the State of
California;
No. 309, Misc. Anthony Freapane, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois; and
No. 340, Misc. Mary Welday Rippe, Widow and Executrix of Wil-
liam Daniel Rippe, petitioner, v. Walter F. Stahlhuth et al. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 369, Misc. Gene A. Krupnick, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 381, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. Carl Gray, Jr.,
as Administrator of Veterans Affairs. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. Bernard Ephraim, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois. Petition for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 404, Misc. Merle Wells, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 406, Misc. Ronald Harris, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden of the Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
179
No. 410, Misc. Vance Washburn, petitioner, v. L. F. Utecht,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Minnesota denied.
No. 415, Misc. George B. Zee, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 416, Misc. Marion Black, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden
of the Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 417, Misc. Paul A. Johnson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 423, Misc. Ray Porter, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 395, Misc. Woodrow Nor Woods, petitioner, v. Dr. Marion R.
King et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
date also denied.
No. 397, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. The United States District
Court for the Northern District of California et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus also denied.
No. 394, Misc. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden of the United States Penitentiary at Atlanta, Georgia;
No. 412, Misc. Clifford Pullins, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden
of the Ohio State Penitentiary et al.;
No. 421, Misc. Henry Thompson, petitioner, v. Browning Robin-
son, Warden, etc.; and
No. 428, Misc. C. W. Burkholder, petitioner, v. The State of
Arizona. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 419, Misc. John Edwin Byers, appellant, v. The Federal Bar
Association, etc.; and
No. 429, Misc. In re Paul King, petitioner. Applications denied.
-
No. Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Mexico
et al. Argued on the motion for leave to file the complaint by Mr.
Eugene T. Edwards, for the plaintiff; and by Mr. Jean S. Breiten-
stein for the defendants.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1952
180
No. 230. Besser Manufacturing Company and Jesse H. Besser, Carl R
appellants, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Roy
W. McDonald for the appellants and by Mr. Marcus A. Hollabaugh Henry)
for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 458,
474, 493, 513, 522, 543, 301 (and 302), 517, 626, and 643.
☑
Henry,

TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1952
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Blanch Freedman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore
Englander; Bertram B. Saymon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Francis A. O'Connell, Jr.; Ray L. Jenkins, of Chevy Chase, Md.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Cragun; Francis John Garvey, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Daniel Francis Cleary, Jr.; Francis Price, Jr.,
of Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Raysor; and
Leon S. Milmed, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Morris M.
Schnitzer, were admitted to practice.
No. 458. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. Simon L. Howard, Sr., and Saint
Louis-San Francisco Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Charles
R. Judge for the petitioners and by Mr. Joseph C. Waddy and Mr.
Victor Packman for the respondent, Samuel L. Howard, Sr., and sub-
mitted by Mr. Eugene G. Nahler, Mr. James L. Homire, Mr. Cornelius
H. Skinker, Jr., and Mr. Alvin J. Baumann for the respondent, St.
Louis-San Francisco Railway Co.
No. 474. Marion W. Stembridge, petitioner, v. The State of
Georgia. Argued by Mr. Marion W. Stembridge, pro se, and by Mr.
M. H. Blackshear, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos. 493,
513, 522, 543, 301 (and 302), 517, 626, 643, 670, and 669.
952806-52-―61
✗

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1952
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Walter A. Slowinski, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
John Lord O'Brian; Charles R. Richey, of Washington, D. C., and
Beverly M. Medley, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. B. Carroll
Reece; Parnell J. T. Callahan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Harry A. Schwager; George T. Johannesen, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Frederick Schafer; DaCosta V. Mason, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank D. Reeves; and Mark Davidson Alspach,
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Thomas E. Byrne, Jr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 493. Isbrandtsen Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Mat-
thew Johnson. Argued by Mr. Mark D. Alspach for the petitioner
and by Mr. William M. Alper for the respondent.
No. 513. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, appellant, v. The United States of America, Inter-
state Commerce Commission, and Omaha Grain Exchange of Omaha,
Nebraska. Argued by Mr. Toll R. Ware for the appellant; and by
Mr. Samuel R. Howell for the appellee, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion; and submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman, Mr. H. G.
Morison, and Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the appellee, The United
States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 522,
543, 301 (and 302), 517, 626, 643, 670, and 669.
952806-52-62
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1952
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Gordon Grand, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Daniel
A. Reed; Elzo Ludwig Van Dellen, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on
notion of Mr. John F. Finerty; Robert H. Park, of Beaumont, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Maurice R. Barnes; Daniel Robert Dixon, of Rocky
Mount, N. C., on motion of Mr. Clarence F. Rothenburg; Jerome
Arthur Gross, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Lloyd W. Patch;
Paul Warren Bennett, of Vandalia, Mo., on motion of Mr. Robert
E. Lambert; Patrick A. Gibson, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr.
Lipman Redman; Philip J. O'Brien, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and
Philip J. O'Brien, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John.
Wattawa; and John H. Barber, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Laurence A. Knapp, were admitted to practice.
No. 522. Joseph Burstyn, Incorporated, appellant, v. Lewis A.
Wilson, Commissioner of Education of the State of New York, et al.
Argued by Mr. Ephraim S. London for the appellant and by Mr.
Charles A. Brind, Jr., and Mr. Wendell P. Brown for the appellees.
No. 543. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Gilbert S. Rosenthal for the petitioner and by Mr.
Robert S. Erdahl for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 301 (and
302), 517, 626, 643, 670, and 669.
952806-52-63

FRIDAY, APRIL 25, 1952
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
James B. Diggs, 3d., of Tulsa, Okla., Booth Kellough, of Tulsa,
Okla., and Ferrill H. Rogers, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of
Mr. R. M. Williams; Donald G. Tripp, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Henry Norment Custis; Morton B. Howell, Jr., of Nashville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Jennings Bailey, Jr.: Charles S. Barrett, Jr.,
of Newark, N. J., John W. Ansell, of New York, N. Y., and Joseph J.
Biunno, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Edward A. Foote; and
Kenneth J. Marks, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern,
were admitted to practice.
No. 301. The Palmer Oil Corporation, Paul Stebba and Paul
Stebba, Jr., a minor, by and through his Father and next Friend, Paul
Stebba, appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum Corporation, Anderson-
Prichard Oil Corporation, Cities Service Oil Company, et al.; and
No. 302. Kit C. Farwell, Frank Phohlemann, L. A. Davis, et al.,
appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum Corporation, Anderson-Prichard
Oil Corporation, Gulf Oil Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr. Mark
H. Adams for the appellants in No. 301; by Mr. Reford Bond, Jr., for
the appellants in No. 302; and by Mr. R. M. Williams for the appel-
lees.
Adjourned until Monday, April 28, next, until 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 517, 626,
643, 670, and 669.
952806-52-64

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
George Bailes, of Cincinnati, Ohio, My. S. Rudd, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Aldon Monroe Kinney, Jr., of Newtown, Ohio, and Byron
Tranter Jenings, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Philip B. Perlman; Allan L. Sapiro, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mrs. Doris Hoffman Maier; R. Brookes Peters, of Ra-
leigh, N. C., Kenneth F. Wooten, Jr., of Raleigh, N. C., and Eupha
Odis Brodgen, Jr., of Raleigh, N. C., on motion of Mr. Ralph M.
Moody; Susanna E. Bedell, of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Sanford H. E. Freund; Lois C. Stephenson, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mrs. Ruby Kettles Roach; Samuel P. Orlando, of Camden,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Thomas D. McBride; Clifford W. Ferguson, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Walter L. Baumgartner; Ran-
dolph Charles Ryder, of Lancaster, Pa., on motion of Mr. Francis
Johns Gafford; Roger A. Clapp, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
John Charles Reid; Irvin Schindler, of Arlington, Va., Stanley
Walker Jones, of Arlington, Va., and Arnold G. Eger, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Donald T. Ruby; Leonard B. Low, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; Herbert
Kramer of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. William Furst; Hosea V.
Price, of Winston-Salem, N. C., on motion of Mr. J. Flipper Derri-
cotte; Robert Bickford Hearne, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Louis F. Oberdorfer; J. Arnold Bressler, of Bayonne, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Nicholas J. Chase; Hyman M. Greenstein, of Honolulu, T. H.,
on motion of Mr. Norman S. Altman; Rouget D. Jenkins, of New
York, N. Y., and Edward A. Gage, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Delmar W. Holloman; and Irving T. Zemans, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. J. F. Bishop, were admitted to practice.
No. 411. Yvette J. Madsen, petitioner, v. Nina Kinsella, Warden
of the United States Reformatory for Women. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of West Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
952806-52--65

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
186
No. 19. The United States of America, appellant, v. Oregon State
Medical Society et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Oregon. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 431. Tessim Zorach and Esta Gluck, appellants, v. Andrew G.
Clauson, Jr., et al., Constituting the Board of Education of the City
of New York, et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Dissenting opininon by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson.
No. 118. Joseph Beauharnais, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Douglas concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in
which Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 687. Abraham Newman, appellant, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden of Auburn State Prison, Auburn, N. Y. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of New York, Appellate Division, Fourth Judicial
Department. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 9, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Mexico
et al. The motion for leave to file the complaint is granted and process
is ordered to issue returnable within 60 days.
No. 522. Joseph Burstyn, Incorporated, appellant, v. Lewis A.
Wilson, Commissioner of Education of the State of New York, et al.
The motion for leave to file brief of American Book Publishers Coun-
cil, Inc., as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 617. Kwong Hai Chew, petitioner, v. Captain Svend Colding,
Master of the SS "Sir John Franklin," and Edward J. Shaughnessy,

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
187
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 561. Maurice J. Tobin, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Alma Mills. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 639. Archer Zamloch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Bangor and Aroostook Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 641. Roy L. Morgan, petitioner, v. The Griffith Realty Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 642. P. J. Lynch, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. John D. Black et al.; and
No. 655. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. The First National Bank of
Chicago, and Alfred L. Kuehn. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 656. The Houston and North Texas Motor Freight Lines, In-
corporated, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 657. The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Rilla Mae Freeman, Administratrix of the Estate of Murphy Hill
Freeman, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 661. C. B. King, John H. Gerken, and M. F. Pafford, petition-
ers, v. J. Bradley Streit and A. W. Wallace. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 43. Peter Harisiades, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization of the Port of
New York; and
No. 264. Dora Coleman, appellant, v. J. Howard McGrath, At-
torney General of the United States, and A. R. Mackey, Acting Com-
missioner of Immigration and Naturalization. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
188
No. 173. Joseph T. Lykes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 331. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden, State Prison of Southern
Michigan, Jackson, Michigan, petitioner, v. Shirley Collins;
No. 533. Walter H. Foster et al., petitioners, v. General Motors
Corporation;
No. 541. Riss and Company, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission;
No. 573. Gussie P. Chapman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 619. William Propst, Wilbur E. Colle, and Carl Olson, appel-
lants, v. The Board of Educational Lands and Funds of the State of
Nebraska et al.;
No. 163, Misc. Henry Thomas, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin;
No. 218, Misc. Robert Wilfred Antrobus, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 348, Misc. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 371, Misc. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California et al.; and
No. 400, Misc. Sylvester Elliott, petitioner, v. The State of Mich-
igan. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 252, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad Company et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 299, Misc. Iva Ikuko Toguri d'Aquino, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file brief of Milton
J. Jarvis and others as amici curiae is denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 321, Misc. Major Preston, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
The petition for rehearing is granted and the order entered March 31,
1952, denying certiorari on the ground that the application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law is vacated. Upon con-
sideration of the petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari to the Court
of Criminal Appeals of Texas is denied.
No. 322, Misc. William Mahler, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
189
No. 339, Misc. Juan Supero, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 396, Misc. Christ Williams, petitioner, v. The United Brother-
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 426, Misc. George D. Latimer, petitioner, v. The State of Wash-
ington. Petition for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 430, Misc. Harry Dwight Smith, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First District, denied.
No. 432, Misc. Robert Barr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 433, Misc. William H. Davis, petitioner, v. The State of Wash-
ington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 437, Misc. Chester L. Davenport and Norman Davenport, peti-
tioners, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 438, Misc. Frank Pinkos, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 445, Misc. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 465, Misc. James C. Edwards, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 439, Misc. In re Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. Petition to vacate
disbarment order and for reinstatement denied.
No. 446, Misc. In the Matter of the Petition of Robert C. Whitney,
petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
No. 448, Misc. Leroy McGary, petitioner, v. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden, United States Medical Center, Springfield, Missouri. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1952
ORDER
190
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 669, and that the Court will then take a recess until Mon-
day, May 5, next.
No. 517. Richard A. McGee, Director, California Department of
Corrections, and Robert A. Heinze, Warden, etc., petitioners, v. James
Nels Ekberg. Argued by Mrs. Doris H. Maier for the petitioners and
by Mr. Allan L. Sapiro for the respondent. Leave granted respondent
to file a supplemental brief by Friday, next.
No. 626. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v.
Robert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Caro-
lina. Argument commenced by Mr. O. John Rogge for the petitioners
and continued by Mr. Murray A. Gordon for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 626,
643, 670, and 669.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1952
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Sarah S. Rogers, of Chicago, Ill., Donald D. Rogers, of Chicago,
Ill., and F. D. G. Ribble, of Charlottesville, Va., on motion of Mr.
Will Shafroth; Y. D. Lott, of Mobile, Ala., and Prime F. Osborn III,
of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. F. W. Gwathney; Reginald A.
Barnett, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Abraham H. Maller; Alex
Pisciotta, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Arthur F. Hurley, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; William T. Gleeson, of
Wahoo, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Walter R. Johnson; Howard D.
Pack, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harold Leventhal;
Herbert Spencer Levin, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Thomas D. McBride; and Richardson Dilworth, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh H. Obear, were admitted to practice.
No. 626. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v.
Robert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Caro-
lina. Argument continued by Mr. Ralph Moody for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. O. John Rogge for the petitioners.
No. 643. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina. Argued
by Mr. Herman L. Taylor for the petitioner and by Mr. E. O. Brog-
den, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 670. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, The Warden
of the Central Prison of the State of North Carolina at Raleigh,
North Carolina. Argued by Mr. Hosea V. Price for the petitioner and
by Mr. R. Brookes Peters for the respondent.
No. 669. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia
County Prison. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas D. McBride
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 30, will be as follows: No. 669.
☑
952806 52
66

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 1952
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Nixon Butt, Jr., of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Frank J. Wide-
man; and Albert A. Stern, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Donald Weed, were admitted to practice.
No. 669. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith,
petitioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Phila-
delphia County Prison. Argument continued by Mr. Thomas D.
McBride for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Randolph C. Ryder
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
952806-52-
-67

SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1952
193
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. On petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: Certiorari granted. Mr.
Justice Burton, with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurred, voted
to deny certiorari, and filed a memorandum expressing their reasons
therefor. The cases are assigned for argument on Monday, May 12,
next.
The order of the District Court entered April 30, 1952, is hereby
stayed pending disposition of these cases by this Court. It is further
ordered, as a provision of this stay, that Charles S. Sawyer, Secretary
of Commerce (respondent in No. 744 and petitioner in No. 745) take
no action to change any term or condition of employment while this
stay is in effect unless such change is mutually agreed upon by the
steel companies (petitioners in No. 744 and respondents in No. 745)
and the bargaining representatives of the employees.
Memorandum by Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice
Frankfurter concurred:
The first question before this Court is that presented by the peti-
tions for a writ of certiorari bypassing the Court of Appeals. The
constitutional issue which is the subject of the appeal deserves for its
solution all of the wisdom that our judicial process makes available.
The need for soundness in the result outweighs the need for speed in
reaching it. The Nation is entitled to the substantial value inherent
in an intermediate consideration of the issue by the Court of Appeals.
Little time will be lost and none will be wasted in seeking it. The
time taken will be available also for constructive consideration by
the parties of their own positions and responsibilities. Accordingly,
I would deny the petitions for certiorari and thus allow the case to be
heard by the Court of Appeals. Such action would eliminate the
consideration here of the terms of the stay of the order of the District
952806-52-―68

SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1952
194
Court heretofore issued by the Court of Appeals. However, certiorari
being granted here, I join in all particulars in the order of this Court,
now issued, staying that of the District Court.
Adjourned until Monday, May 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1952
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Joseph E. Jones, of Memphis, Tenn., and Robert L. McKnight, of
Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Clifford Davis; Chris D. Johnson,
of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter; George
M. Thorpe, of Lincolnia, Va., on motion of Mr. Gerald T. O'Hara ;
O. L. Hasty, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. Overton Brooks;
Elmer Peter Hardenbergh, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Samuel W. McIntosh; M. Magdalena Schoch, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Harry LeRoy Jones; Joseph Dach, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Forman; George R. Wolf, of Clay-
ton, Mo., and William J. Oetting, of Clayton, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Edward R. Duffy; Harvey B. Diamond, of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. Mozart G. Ratner; John Joseph Graham, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. John A. Calhoun; Samuel I. Sherwood, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Edward August Waldmann; Leon L. Sclawy,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William Howard Payne; and
John Elmer Barricklo, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
John L. Fitzgerald, were admitted to practice.
No. 282. Swift & Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 682. John Deere Plow Company of Moline (an Illinois Cor-
poration), appellant, v. The Franchise Tax Board of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Butler v. McColgan,
315 U. S. 501.
952806-52- -69

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1952
196
No. 684. Mary Jane Heisler, appellant, v. The Board of Review,
Bureau of Unemployment Compensation. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 644. The City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner,
v. The Willett Company, an Illinois Corporation. The motion to use
the certified record in No. 493, October Term, 1950, is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 652. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ira D.
Cardiff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 658. The United States of America, on the Relation of Oscar L.
Chapman, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v. The Federal Power
Commission and the Virginia Electric and Power Company; and
No. 659. The Virginia REA Association et al., petitioners, v. The
Federal Power Commission and the Virginia Electric and Power
Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 649. Ben F. Ray, as Chairman of the State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee of Alabama, petitioner, v. Edmund Blair. The mo-
tion to retax costs is denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 625. College Homes, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 630. Burford-Toothaker Tractor Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 637. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John B.
Atkins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 648. The Bradley Mining Company, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. Edward H. Boice. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1952
197
No. 660. Jack Principale, petitioner, v. The Associated Gas and
Electric Company, Lewis M. Dabney, Jr., Trustee, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 663. Paducah Newspapers, Incorporated, D. E. Hayes, J. E.
Lovvo, et al., petitioners, v. Gerald Wise. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 664. Simon Stallsworth, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 667. Owen P. Barnes, Jr., and Charles E. Mangieri, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 674. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation, Paramount
Pictures Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Brookside Theatre Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 675. Sherman B. Hogan, Central Truck Lines, Inc., and Fire-
man's Fund Indemnity Company, petitioners, v. Anna Laura Wil-
liams and Carrie Jackson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 258, Misc. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 289, Misc. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 302, Misc. William Burnard Sullivan, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director of Corrections of San Quentin Prison. Petition
for certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 413, Misc. Gordon K. Darcy, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of the California State Prison at Folsom. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 418, Misc. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. The Circuit Court
of Randolph County, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 425, Misc. Philip J. Dovico, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York, Appellate Division, Fourth Department, denied.
No. 427, Misc. Henry E. Jones, petitioner, v. The City of Norfolk,
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1952
198
No. 431, Misc. Anna T. Keleher, petitioner, v. John B. Keleher.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 435, Misc. Albert Kruse, petitioner, v. Dr. Alfred M. Stanley,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 436, Misc. Pete R. Tashkoff, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden of the Kansas State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 465, Misc. James C. Edwards, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for rehearing denied. Motion for stay of execution also
denied.
No. 434, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. The Honorable
Frank A. Hooper, United States District Judge. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 443, Misc. Charles Pappas, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superin-
tendent, etc., et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 452, Misc. Fred Charles Maringer, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director of Corrections of the State of California, et al.
Application denied.
No. 455, Misc. Jacob Marrow, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file pe-
tition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 461, Misc. Jonor Wright, petitioner, v. O. J. Nygaard, Warden
of the North Dakota State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 12,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 12, will be as follows: No. 744
(and 745).
Х

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952
199
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
William Edward Oglesby, of San Antonio, Tex., Frank Licht, of
Providence, R. I., Alexander Denbo, of Burlington, N. J., William
Theodore Kruglak II, of Miami Beach, Fla., and Frank Douglas Here-
ford, of Waycross, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B.
Perlman; Kirby L. Wilson, Jr., of River Rouge, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Homer Ferguson; Phillip H. Loh III, of Morrilton, Ark., on mo-
tion of Mr. Brooks Hays; A. Donald MacKinnon, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. William Dean Embree; William T. Wolvington,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Alfred Carl
Tisdahl, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Walter
Kiechel, Jr., of Tecumseh, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis;
Samuel Edwin Murrell, Jr., of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Samuel
Edwin Murrell; Gordon L. Eakle, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Willis E. Ruffner; Philip G. Schanerman, of Newark, N. J., on
motion of Mr. David Lloyd Kreeger; Howard Overholt Husband, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Raymond Coward; Merritt Roy
Kotin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roy G. Baker; Caleb A.
Harding, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Josephus C. Trimble;
Simon Metrik, of New York, N. Y., and Morris Cooperstein, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob W. Friedman; Colin Wilson
Wright, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. William H. Parsons;
Kurt Frank Korf, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel G.
McGrath; Arnold Hoffman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Edward Cowley Radue; Charles Francis Rouse, of Raleigh, N. C., on
motion of Mr. Fred W. Morrison; Sidney A. Fine, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Kennedy; Joseph Borkin, of Arlington,
Va., on motion of Mr. Nathan L. Silberberg; Vernon M. Turner, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ross S. Shearer; Lewis H. Adams, Jr.,
of Columbia, Ala., on motion of Mr. Franklin W. Clarke; Ralph K.
Brandt, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Philip A. Walker;
Marjorie I. Wilmarth, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Preston E. Peden; Dorothea Anna Baker, of Washington, D. C., and
Joseph W. Kiernan, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James
Arthur Smith; and Clifford D. O'Brien, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Miss Ruth Weyand, were admitted to practice.
952806-52-70

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952
200
No. 301. The Palmer Oil Corporation, Paul Sterba and Paul
Sterba, Jr., a Minor, etc., appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum Corpora-
tion et al.; and
No. 302. Kit C. Farwell, Frank Phohlemann, L. A. Davis, et al.,
appellants, v. Amerada Petroleum Corporation et al. Appeals from
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. Appeals dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
No. 79. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. Cause further continued. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 666. James Singleton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certi-
orari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Greenberg v. United
States, No. 461, October Term, 1951, decided April 7, 1952; Hoffman
v. United States, 341 U. S. 479. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Reed dissent. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents from the action of the
Court in reversing without oral argument.
No. 722. Tom's Express, Inc., and Red Star Transit Company, Inc.,
appellants, v. Division of State Highway Patrol, Department of High-
ways, State of Ohio. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Ohio. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice
Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 731. Benjamin P. Shein, Herman Shein, Howard M. Shein,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motion of
Jack Garrett Scott for leave to withdraw his appearance as counsel
for the appellants is granted. The judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
crally."
No. 334. Harry Gordon, Officer in Charge, Immigration and Natu-
ralization Service, Department of Justice, petitioner, v. Knut Einar
Heikkinen. The motion of petitioner to vacate and remand is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952
201
No. 709. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission et al.;
and
No. 710. The Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the
cases are assigned for argument with No. 647.
No. 605. Lucena Elizabeth Clark Johnson, petitioner, v. The Port-
land Trust and Savings Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 650. Molly A. Harkness, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 651. Floyd J. Harkness, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Paul Blackford, William W. Blackford, Carroll D. Hager,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 673. Cortlandt R. Turney, petitioner, v. The Home Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 680. Samuel W. Winger, Administrator of the Estate of
Samuel W. Winger, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The McCullough
Transfer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Ohio, Seventh Judicial District, denied.
No. 685. Thomas Edward Furlong, Harry Scott Kneevers, and
Charles Joseph Swartz, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 676. Raoul Berger, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney
General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 678. Michael Livanos et al., petitioners, v. George M. Pateras,
as Master, et al. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 443. The United States of America, appellant, v. Efroim
Spector. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 514. LeRoy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. Second petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952
202
No. 195. James Rutkin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 373. Fred Stroble, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia;
No. 584. Paul D. Lynch, petitioner, v. Howard J. Gruber and
Isabel Gruber, husband and wife;
No. 303, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Fletcher
Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph C. Reing, United States Marshal;
No. 381, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. Carl Gray, Jr.,
as Administrator of Veterans' Affairs; and
No. 446, Misc. In the Matter of the Petition of Robert C. Whitney,
petitioner. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 282, Misc. James F. Patterson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 326, Misc. Rubin Leviton, Arthur Blumenfeld, and Martin
Markowitz, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
are of the opinion certiorari should be granted. Memorandum filed by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 401, Misc. Turman G. Wilson and Utah E. Wilson, petitioners,
v. The State of Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 424, Misc. Raymond E. Montgomery, petitioner, v. Ralph N.
Eidson, Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 447, Misc. Robert S. Skladd, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 454, Misc. Clarence Lamar Cogdell, petitioner, v. State of
Tennessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.
No. 458, Misc. Albert L. Johnson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 459, Misc. John Eldon Wells, petitioner, v. Elsie Borman
Dustmann, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 462, Misc. Edward Okulczyk, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1952
203
No. 468, Misc. Robert Gray Taylor, petitioner, v. Gene D. Smith,
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 478, Misc. Edwin Martin Larson, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 460, Misc. Daniel Jones, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis, Warden
of the Ohio State Penitentiary, et al. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess at the conclusion of the argument in
Nos. 744 and 745 until Monday, May 19, from that day until Monday,
May 26, and from that day until Monday, June 2, upon which day
it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered. No motions,
except motions for admission to practice, will be received after the
session next before the date fixed for adjournment of the term.
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John W. Davis for the petitioners in No. 744 and the
respondents in No. 745, and continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Perlman for the respondent in No. 744 and the petitioner in No. 745.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 13, will be as follows: No. 744 (and
745).
✓

TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1952
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Herbert L. Faulkner, of Juneau, Alaska, on motion of Mr. Hugh T.
Fullerton; and Wm. W. Doyle, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Chas. H. Elston, were admitted to practice.
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent in No.
744 and the petitioner in No. 745, and by Mr. John W. Davis for
the petitioners in No. 744 and the respondents in No. 745, and by
Mr. Arthur J. Goldberg for the United Steelworkers of America,
C. I. O., as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and concluded
by Mr. Clifford D. O'Brien and Mr. Harold C. Heiss for the Brother-
hood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al., as amici curiae, by
special leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, May 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
952806-52-71

MONDAY MAY 19, 1952
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton.
Herbert W. Sugarman, of New York, N. Y., and Michael J. Galvin,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B.
Perlman; T. K. Irwin, of Dallas, Tex., Ivan Irwin, of Dallas, Tex.,
T. K. Irwin, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., George W. Irwin, of Dallas, Tex., and
Lee J. Irwin, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Tom Connally; Alonzo
D. Camp, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays;
Vaughn C. Ball, of Saint Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Rodolfo A.
Correa; Ralph J. Blank, Jr., of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Frank J. Wideman; William J. Ash, of Port Huron, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Jesse P. Wolcott; Lowell Goerlich, of Toledo, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.; Harry Silverstone, of Arling-
ton, Va., on motion of Mr. Solomon J. Pokrass; Samuel Rosenblum,
of New York, N. Y., and Harold M. Weiss, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. N. Meyer Baker; Lowell C. Stellberger, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Albert F. Beasley; Herman W. Goldner, of
Saint Petersburg, Fla., on motion of Mr. Earl A. Munyan; Giy H.
Postell, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Edgar Watkins, Jr.; Russell
W. Root, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Lawrence J. Fenlon;
Heber T. Dotson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James M. Nabrit,
Jr.; Harrison G. Sloane, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Walton H. Hamilton; Edith Rose Gardner, of Washington, D. C., and
John L. Carey, of Morris, Ill., on motion of Mr. Albert J. Clark; O.
P. Easterwood, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Russell
O. Pettibone; Alice W. Cohn, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. A. D.
G. Cohn; Benjamin Feld, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
George M. Thorpe; Nehemiah Silver, of Washington, D. C., and
Paul W. Moores, of College Park, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph
A. Nacrelli; Sherman R. Hill, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Richard P. Whiteley; Dorothy Arnold Vahey, of Boston, Mass.,
and Joseph S. Vahey, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. William
F. McDonnell; Charles B. Mahin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Miss
Amy Ruth Mahin; James M. McHaney, of Little Rock, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Telford Taylor; Thomas Albert Stansbury, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Edward C. Sweeney; Harry A. Sellery, Jr., of
952806-52-72

MONDAY MAY 19, 1952
206
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Mastin G. White; Henry Fogler, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller; Robert A.
Fitch, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. J. Winfield Hendry;
Frances Fletcher Ames, of Accomac, Va., James Atkins, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Wescott Brownlee Northam, of Accomac, Va., on
motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne; Harold C. Theus, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Russell Chapin; Carl Helmetag, Jr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh B. Cox; Thurman S.
Hurst, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Preston E. Peden; Leon
Fischel, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John L. Grabber;
Irving Turner, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. John R. Foley,
Jr.; Fred S. March, of Erie, Colo., on motion of Mr. Samuel W.
McIntosh; Joseph Robbie, Jr., of Mitchell, S. Dak., on motion of Mr.
Carl William Berueffy; and Halsey L. Rixford, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Monte Appel, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. The motions for
leave to file briefs of American Legion Post No. 88 and Everett S.
Layman as amici curiae are denied.
No. 683. N. T. Smith, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones, Collector of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 686. W. E. Moss, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Leon
S. Horne and Nell Horne, doing business as Star City Lumber Com-
pany, petitioner, v. W. D. May. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 692. Ring Construction Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 717. Alfred H. Osborne, Robert B. Sympson, and Phil Cabbell,
petitioners, v. J. A. Purdome, Sheriff of Jackson County, Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 727. Air Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Boston Metals Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY MAY 19, 1952
207
No. 732. Sears, Roebuck and Company, petitioner, v. Cecil H.
Broughton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied;
No. 426. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence E.
Hood, Jr., Frank F. Mize, Bascom C. Beasley, et al.;
No. 575. Meyer Schneider, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 445, Misc. Richard O'Nell, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 232, Misc. Ralph D. Rutledge, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 384, Misc. Herbert Fentress, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 441, Misc. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. The Leavenworth State
Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 444, Misc. Harry Collins, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 451, Misc. Frank Buzzie, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, California State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 453, Misc. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Leavenworth State Bank
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 472, Misc. Ralph D. Rutledge, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 26, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Samuel K. Wasaff, of El Paso, Tex., and Royal W. France, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman;
Herbert M. Boyle, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. E. D. Millikin;
John H. Anderson, Jr., of Raleigh, N. C., Willis Smith, Jr., of Raleigh,
N. C., and James K. Dorsett, Jr., of Raleigh, N. C., on motion of Mr.
Willis Smith; Burton Stevenson, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Robert W.
Minor, of Columbus, Ohio, and Charles A. Webb, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Bricker; Jno. T. Shea, of Memphis, Tenn.,
Harry C. Pierotti, of Memphis, Tenn., and W. Preston Battle, of
Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Clifford Davis; W. G. East, of
Eugene, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter Norblad; Aaron L. Stein, of
Chicago, Ill., and Prince H. Preston, of Statesboro, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Sterling L. Brown, of New Richmond,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Chas. H. Elston; Joseph L. Carrigg, of Susque-
hanna, Pa., Hardie Scott, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Christopher C.
Mullady, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst;
Robert L. Merritt, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Frank M. Cobourn, of
Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; Eugene J.
Bradley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus
Rhyne; Frank Fedele, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Curtis A. Whittington, Jr.,
of Merritt Island, Fla., Virginia Althea Hardy, of Marion, Ind., Fred
Wade, of Pope, Tenn., Bernard B. Smith, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Dorothy S. Feddern, of Wakefield, Mass., Shalon Ralph, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., W. A. Collier, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Perry H. Burn-
ham, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Sigmon A. Lunceford, of Lanett,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; Ralph T. Yamaguchi, of
Honolulu, T. H., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Butler; Alfred W.
Meldon, of Manhasset, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip J. Miele;
Clayton Wilbur Daneker, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Hall
Hammond; George Lee Haskins, of Philadelphia, Pa., and William
B. Johnson, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh B. Cox;
Carl E. Williamson, of Doniphan, Mo., on motion of Mr. George N.
Anderson; Burr Sutter, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John
H. Moeur; William Stirling Maxwell, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
952806-52--73

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
209
Mr. James C. Hamilton; Clifford A. Weisel, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Samuel E. Neel; Arthur W. Proctor, of Pelham, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Roy C. Frank; Charles Goodwin, Jr., of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Mahar; Alfred H. Corbett, of
Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Edwin Jason Dryer; Albert E. Van
Dusen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Oscar S. Cox; Sam
Elson, of Saint Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Walter Freedman;
Andrew T. Altmann, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Clyde
D. Garrett; Clarence F. Kiech, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. William Wallace Cochran; Alan R. Rado, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Norman S. Altman; Joseph A. Weisman, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Charles Gordon; Maurice A. Roberts, of Ar-
lington, Va., on motion of Mr. Loran Paul Winings; Victor Konow,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William T. Collins II, John
Hungerford Gullett, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Carl B.
Klein; Westerdahl William Gudmundson, of Merced, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Seymour Sheriff; Francis W. McInerny, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. David Grant MacDonald; L. Clark Ewing, of
Easton, Md., on motion of Mr. Ross W. Donoghue; Welburn S.
Mayock, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Welburn Mayock;
W. A. Armstrong, of Louisville, Ky., and Donald Edward Armstrong,
of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Harry E. McCoy,
Jr., of Norfolk., Va., on motion of Mr. William Perry Epes; and
Richard T. McDonough, of Newark, N. J., and William H. Clarke, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Richard W. Galiher, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 474. Marion W. Stembridge, petitioner, v. The State of
Georgia. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of Georgia and to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Writ
of certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Minton. Concurring: Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton dissent from the dis-
missal.
No. 448. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Ruberoid
Company; and
No. 504. The Ruberoid Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black concurs.
in the judgment and opinion with the exception noted. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, not having heard the argument, owing to illness, took
no part in the disposition of this case. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
210
from the denial of enforcement of the order. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson dissenting in No. 504.
No. 522. Joseph Burstyn, Inc., appellant, v. Lewis A. Wilson, Com-
missioner of Education of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring: Mr. Justice Reed. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 224. Public Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia,
Capital Transit Company, et al., petitioners, v. Franklin S. Pollak and
Guy Martin; and
No. 295. Franklin S. Pollak and Guy Martin, petitioners, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia, Capital Transit
Company, and Washington Transit Radio, Inc. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
for reasons stated by him, took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 230. Besser Manufacturing Company and Jesse H. Besser,
appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 401. Konrad G. Johansen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 414. Samuel Mandel, Administrator of the Estate of Robert
Willie Dillehay, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgments of Court of Appeals affirmed.
Case No. 401 is remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Case No. 414 is remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Minton concur.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
211
No. 428. Pennsylvania Water and Power Company and Susque-
hanna Transmission Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 429. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cases remanded to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Black. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, not having heard the argu-
ment, owing to illness, took no part in the disposition of these cases.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Reed
concurs.
No. 126. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. American
National Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas join.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 752. Charles Mizer, R. J. Swearingen, Elmer E. Anderson,
and Howard Barber, appellants, v. Kansas-Bostwick Irrigation Dis-
trict No. 2, F. H. Garman and Ward Douglas, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Kansas. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 444. Wilbur C. King et al., as and constituting the Florida
Railroad and Public Utilities Commission, appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. The motion for leave to file brief of Florida
Rate Conference et al., as amici curiae is denied.
No. 747. The United States of America, appellant, v. Universal
C. I. T. Credit Corporation, George P. Neal, Frank E. Wolfe, et al. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 610. The United States, petitioner, v. Caltex (Philippines),
Incorporated, The Shell Company of the Philippine Islands, Limited,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
212
No. 306, Misc. Isidore Edelman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Los
Angeles County, Appellate Department, State of California, granted
and the case is transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary docket.
No. 568. S. S. W., Incorporated, a Corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. Air Transport Association of America, et al.; and
No. 591. Air Transport Association of America et al., petitioners,
v. S. S. W., Incorporated, and Air Transport Associates, Incorporated,
and Golden North Airways, Incorporated. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 679. The Choctaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 689. Louis S. Weiner, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 693. Nahum Birnbaum et al., Co-Partners, Doing Business
Under the Firm Name and Style of Birnbaum & Co., etc., petitioners,
v. Newport Steel Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 694. Eusebius James Biggs, petitioner, v. Walter Spader and
Mrs. Walter Spader, his Wife, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois, and Superior Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 695. The Northern Trust Company of Chicago, as Executor of
the Last Will and Testament of Aleta M. Gomell, Deceased, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 696. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Sarah O'Donnell, Administratrix of the Estate of William O'Don-
nell, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 697. General Armature and Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 699. Loy Vernal Imboden, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 711. American Crystal Sugar Company, petitioner, v. Mande-
ville Island Farms, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
213
No. 715. California Paving Co., a Partnership Composed of Angelo
Bragato and Wm. D. Smith, et al., petitioners, v. L. C. Smith and
Hilltop Quarry, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 723. Susan C. Kimmell and E. P. Dutton and Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Harwood A. White. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 738. The Patent Scaffolding Co., Inc., a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Up-Right, Inc., a Corporation, and Wallace J. S. Johnson,
an Individual. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Marianna von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of the Detroit House of Correction; and
No. 395. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 654. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. John D. Black et al.; and
No. 655. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. The First National Bank of
Chicago and Alfred L. Kuehn. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 665. Auto Transports, Incorporated, and General Motors Cor-
poration, appellants, v. The United States of America and The Inter-
state Commerce Commission. The motions for leave to file briefs of
Contract Carrier Conference, American Trucking Associations, Inc.;
and Complete Auto Transport, et al., as amici curiae, are denied.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 299, Misc. Iva Ikuko Toguri d'Aquino, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 309, Misc. Anthony Freapane, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 322, Misc. William Mahler, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden, etc.;
No. 397, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. The United States District
Court for the Northern District of California et al.; and
No. 416, Misc. Marion Black, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, the
Warden of the Texas Prison System, et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 395, Misc., October Term, 1950. Emmett H. Bozell, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Second petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 361, Misc. Fujiko Furusho, petitioner, v. Dean Acheson, as
Secretary of State of the United States. Petition for writ of certio-

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1952
214
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 498, Misc. George W. Story, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 476, Misc. Harry Sylvester Barnes, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and
certiorari denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Theodore Sherbow, of Baltimore, Md., and Fredrick J. Ludwig, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Philip B. Perl-
man; Philip Rossman, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Bryon G.
Rogers; Willard J. Hodges, Jr., of Odenville, Ala., Giles J. McCarthy,
of Cold Spring, Ky., George Royalty Edwards, of Waco, Tex., and
Wendell C. Dreier, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Herbert
Miller Kidner; L. E. Blaisdell, of Hawthorne, Nev., on motion of Mr.
Patrick A. McCarran; Edward G. Hudon, of Brunswick, Maine, on
motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; William T. Sevald, of Royal Oak,
Mich., on motion of Mr. George A. Dondero; Elmer E. Welty, of Lima,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr.; Vernon L. Stouffer,
of Columbus, Ohio, and Joe F. Asher, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Robert E. Quirk; Remsen B. Ogilby, of Washington, D. C.,
John L. Barr, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Richard Huhn, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Ingham Gallinger Mack, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. C. F. R. Ogilby; Arthur H. Sherry, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern; Thomas M. Parrington, of
Alhambra, Calif., on motion of Mr. Howell John Hatcher; William
Calvin Wells, Jr., of Jackson,, Miss., on motion of Mr. Thomas E.
Rhodes; Louis S. Lebo, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Almon S.
Nelson; Joseph G. Connolly, of Hollis, N. Y., on motion of Mr. E.
Russell Kelly; James A. Murray, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; David S. Harrison, of Atlantic City, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. John M. Raymond; Martha L. Colmetz, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Miss Carolyn E. Agger; Sidney Waller, of
Evanston, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Wolcott Goodrich; Alfred
B. Huddleston, of Murfreesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Harry S.
Barger; Gustave I. Jahr, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Law-
rence C. Moore; Samuel Anatole Lourie, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Clarence E. Dawson; James Woodrow Sack, of Buffalo,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Manly Fleischmann; Alexander Wyckliff
Nisbet, of Little Rock, Ark., and Harry W. Frazee, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. W. L. Pope; Allen Yates Arledge, of Raleigh,
N. C., on motion of Mr. Fred W. Morrison; Walter Siben, of Bay
Shore, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller; and Aaron L..
952806-52-74

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
216
Danzig, of New York, N. Y., and Lawrence H. Gall, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Wesley E. Disney, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Admissions to the Bar will be postponed until announcement of
the opinion in the Steel case."
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles S. Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring
in the judgment and opinion of the Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton concurring in the opinion and judgment of the Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark concurring in the judgment of the Court.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson in which Mr. Justice
Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 543. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs.
No. 388. Leroy J. Robertson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Utah. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
not having heard the argument owing to illness, took no part in the
disposition of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 570. Tomoya Kawakita, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Burton
join. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, not having heard the argument, owing
to illness, took no part in the disposition of this case. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
217
No. 513. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, appellant, v. The United States of America, Inter-
state Commerce Commission and Omaha Grain Exchange of Omaha,
Nebraska. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri. Judgment reversed and case remanded
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
No. 151. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. Great Northern Railway Company.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Minnesota. Judgment reversed and case remanded for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Jackson
and Mr. Justice Burton concur in the result.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 707. W. L. Gelling, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Per Curiam: The
judgment is reversed. See Burstyn v. Wilson, No. 522, October Term,
1951, decided May 26, 1952; and Winters v. New York, 333 U. S. 507.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, concurring in the judgment of reversal:
The appellant here was convicted under an ordinance of the city of
Marshall, Texas, for exhibiting a picture after being denied a license
by the local Board of Censors, and the conviction was affirmed by the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. The ordinance authorizes a
local Board of Censors to deny a license for the showing of a motion
picture, which the Board is "of the opinion" is "of such character as
to be prejudicial to the best interests of the people of said City,” and
makes the showing of a picture without a license a misdemeanor. This
ordinance offends the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment on the score of indefiniteness. See my concurring opinion in
Burstyn v. Wilson, 343 U. S. - and Winters v. Wilson, 333 U. S. 507.
No. 688. Hays Finance Company, Inc., and United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, appellants, v. Mrs. Thomas L. Bailey, State
Tax Collector. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 771. Dixie Brokerage & Guaranty Company of Jackson, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. Mr. Thomas L. Bailey, State Tax Collector. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question pursuant to the stipulation of counsel
to abide the judgment in Hays Finance Co. v. Bailey, No. 688,
October Term, 1951, decided this day.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
218
No. 760. Carmine Pizza, appellant, v. John A. Lyons, as a New
York State Commissioner of Corrections, et al., and
No. 766. County Transportation Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
People of the State of New York. Appeals from the Court of Appeals
of New York. Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 5, Original, October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
Complainant, v. The State of New York and the City of New York.
The motion for leave to file brief of the Citizens Budget Commission,
Inc., as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 677. Louis K. Nathanson, Trustee, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 721. Lloyd A. Fry Roofing Company, petitioner, v. Scott Wood
et al., as Arkansas Public Service Commission. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas granted.
No. 725. Sidney Steele et al., petitioners, v. Bulova Watch Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 736. Montgomery Building and Construction Trades Council
et al., petitioners, v. Ledbetter Erection Company, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted.
No. 734. F. W. Woolworth Company, petitioner, v. Contemporary
Arts, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted limited to the question
presented by the application of Section 101 (b) of Title 17 of the
United States Code to this case.
No. 405, Misc. Clementin Wottle, Administrator of the Estate of
Edward Begay, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the appellate docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 611. Consolidated Gas Electric Light and Power Company of
Baltimore, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Water and Power Com-
pany et al.; and

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
219
No. 612. The Public Service Commission of Maryland, petitioner,
v. The Pennsylvania Water and Power Company et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 690. Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company,
as Executor of the Estate of Alfred N. Severin, Deceased, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 691. Southern Furniture Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 698. John H. Arthur, petitioner, v. Standard Engineering
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 700. James Ryan, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 701. Charles Gordon, petitioner, v. William E. Bergin, Indi-
vidually and as Adjutant General of the Army. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 702. Oscar L. Chapman, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 704. James J. Moran, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 706. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Ellis Arnall,
Director of Price Stabilization. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 712. Mutual Benefit Health & Accident Association, a Corpo-
ration, petitioner, v. Pearl Cohen, Executrix of the Estate of Louis
Cohen, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 713. Lawrence B. Scott, petitioner, v. Hal W. Harman. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 716. George S. May, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 718. Jerome Dworsky et al., Individually and as Co-Partners,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. C. E. Warner, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
952806-52-75

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
220
Hyman Cohen, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 719. United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of Amer-
ica, a Voluntary Association, et al., petitioners, v. Westinghouse Elec-
tric Corporation, a Pennsylvania Corporation, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 724. The Hamilton Foundry and Machine Company, peti-
tioner, v. International Molders & Foundry Workers Union of North
America (AFL), et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 733. Irene Moses, Claimant of one 1949 Pontiac Sedan, Motor
No. P-8 RH 10913, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 743. Evan A. Sholl and National Casualty Company, petition-
ers, v. Edna V. Cadwallader. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 749. Overseas Tankship Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy B.
Keen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 703. Stuart Laboratories, Inc., and William B. Hugle, peti-
tioners, v. Union Carbide and Carbon Corporation. Motion to dis-
pense with printing the record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 708. James B. Armstrong, petitioner, v. War Contracts Price
Adjustment Board. The motion to substitute the United States of
America as the party respondent in the place and stead of War Con-
tracts Price Adjustment Board is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 714. Union Carbide and Carbon Corporation, petitioner, v.
Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., Inc., and the Lincoln Electric Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 468. Michael Cohen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 586. Olin Industries, Incorporated, Winchester Repeating
Arms Company Division, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board;
No. 601. The Erie Forge Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
221
No. 625. College Homes, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 636. Irving K. Baxter, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 252, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad Company et al. Second petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 258, Misc. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California; and
No. 439, Misc. In re Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 368, Misc. Walter E. Mellott, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 387, Misc. Joseph Peter Oddo, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 408, Misc. Grant Bowles, petitioner, v. The State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 409, Misc. Earl C. Weldon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 420, Misc. Lilburn H. Barbeau, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 457, Misc. William Lawson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 463, Misc. Arnold D. Hearn, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 464, Misc. Ludvik Kromarek, petitioner, v. State of North
Dakota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Dakota denied.
No. 467, Misc. Samuel Kelley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 471, Misc. Oscar Collazo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
222
No. 473, Misc. James Otis Mitchell, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 480, Misc. John O. Story, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr.,
Warden, Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 481, Misc. G. W. Lindsey, petitioner, v. J. A. Watson and
Mary Watson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 482, Misc. Albert Ciha, petitioner, v. Hon. J. Earl Major,
Judge, U. S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 487, Misc. Frank Casone, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied.
No. 490, Misc. Fred Otis Mills, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 491, Misc. A. F. Levy, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Southern District of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 505, Misc. Mac Henry Davis, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis and
State of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 483, Misc. Herman Lee Ross, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied. Application for stay of execution also denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 470, Misc. D. P. Glenn, petitioner, v. W. M. Manning, Super-
intendent of South Carolina Penitentiary;
No. 474, Misc. John F. Lacey, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden;
No. 477, Misc. Billy Anderson, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden of the California State Penitentiary; and
No. 501, Misc. Raymond Grant, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 497, Misc. Clyde Roach, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of In-
diana. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandate denied.
No. 469, Misc. In re Disbarment of Abraham J. Isserman. It is
ordered that Abraham J. Isserman, of Newark, New Jersey, be sus-

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1952
223
pended from the practice of the law in this Court and that a rule issue,
returnable within forty days, requiring him to show cause why he
should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 9, next,
on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
224
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Owen A. Kane, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F.
Ashurst; Jane A. Parker, of Smithfield, N. C., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Philip B. Perlman; Merton C. Bernstein, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Miss Helen F. Humphrey; Mr. Joe C. Jen-
kins, of Gainesville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Loder L. Patterson; Wil-
liam A. Tinney, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joel D.
Blackwell; Lionel Rowe, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
George Washington Bains; Ralph L. Payne, of Alexandria, Va., on
motion of Mr. William H. Dorsey, Jr.; John Marcus Winkler, of Port-
land, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Abe Louis Shu-
german, of Miami, Fla., and William Arthur Rosenbauer, of Union
City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer; Samuel T. Parel-
man, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Maktos; John.
Marshall Martin, Jr., of Martin, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Frank W.
Barton; Howard A. Vogel, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Isidore H. Wachtel; Daniel W. Cannon, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. James W. Haley; Virginia H. Adams, of Washington,
D. C., Albert F. Adams, of Washington, D. C., and Sumner M. Red-
stone, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Peyton Ford; George
A. Horkan, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James A.
Smith; Robert Morris, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. J. G.
Sourwine; and Carl Atwood Elliott, of Jasper, Ala., on motion of Mr.
John Sparkman, were admitted to practice.
No. 176. Morris Leland, appellant, v. State of Oregon. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 493. Isbrandtsen Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Matthew John-
son. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Jackson.
952806-52-76

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
225
No. 379. Ralph Casey, George La Clair, and Edward Plesa, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Western District of Washington for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion Per Curiam announced by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 458. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. Simon L. Howard, Sr., and St. Louis-
San Francisco Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals reversing that of the District Court affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri for further proceedings in accordance
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which the Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Reed join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 517. Richard A. McGee, Director, California Department of
Corrections, and Robert A. Heinze, Warden, etc., petitioners, v. James
Nels Ekberg. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District
Court with directions to dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus
upon the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 759. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen,
Order of Railway Conductors, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The orders of the District Court are
vacated and the case is remanded to that court with directions to
dismiss the complaint upon the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 788. The Eight O'Clock Club, a Corporation, and Roy Wood,
appellants, v. Otto K. Buder and Michigan Liquor Control Commis-
sion. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 790. R. J. Ross and Stanley R. Caidin, appellants, v. Berniece
W. Harris, Postmaster of North Hollywood, California, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
226
No. 235, Misc. Ed. Williams, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per
Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judg-
ment is vacated and the case is remanded to the Illinois Supreme
Court for further proceedings. Jennings v. Illinois, 342 U. S. 104.
No. 485, Misc. Roosevelt R. Hoffman, petitioner, v. Circuit Court
of Winnebago County, Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Winnebago County, Illinois. Per Curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is vacated and
the case is remanded to the Circuit Court of Winnebago County for
further consideration in the light of the response filed by the Attorney
General of Illinois to the application for the writ.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 44. John Kedroff and Benjamin Fedchenkoff, etc., appellants,
v. Saint Nicholas Cathedral of the Russian Orthodox Church in
North America. This case is ordered restored to the docket for re-
argument. In view of the opinion, concurring opinion, dissent, judg-
ment and remittitur of the Court of Appeals of New York concerning
the status of the Patriarchate in Russia, counsel are requested to in-
clude in their presentation a discussion of whether the judgment may
be sustained on state grounds.
No. 626. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v.
Robert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North
Carolina;
No. 643. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina;
No. 670. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina; and
No. 669. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia
County Prison. These cases are ordered restored to the docket for
reargument and are assigned for hearing at the head of the call for
Monday, October 13th. Each of the cases is transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 353, October Term, 1950. Emory S. Land, Edward Macauley,
John M. Carmody, et al., etc., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar
Steamship Line, et al. It is ordered that petitioners' motion for leave

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
227
to file a motion for reconsideration of the denial of certiorari be con-
tinued on the docket.
No. 623. Ernest Perez, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California, et al.;
No. 233, Misc. Peter Pianezzi, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden; and
No. 484, Misc. Junius Lee Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Louisi-
ana. Consideration of the applications for writs of certiorari in these
cases is deferred pending further action in the case of Dixon v. Duffy,
No. 79, October Term, 1951.
No. 792. Martha L. Alison v. The United States of America; and
No. 793. The United States of America v. Stevenson-Chislett, Inc.
Pursuant to the provisions of section 1254 (3) of Title 28 of the
United States Code and par. 2 of Rule 37 of the Rules of this Court
it is ordered that the entire record in each of these cases be sent up so
that the Court may decide the entire matter in controversy.
No. 605. Lucena Elizabeth Clark Johnson, petitioner, v. The Port-
land Trust and Savings Bank. The motion of respondent for the
allowance of costs is denied.
No. 743. Evan A. Sholl and National Casualty Company, petition-
ers, v. Edna V. Cadwallader. The motion of counsel for respondent
for the allowance of attorneys' fees is granted and counsel is awarded
the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, it appearing that the party re-
spondent and counsel for petitioners agree thereto.
No. 744. The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Sawyer; and
No. 745. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, petitioner, v.
The Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company et al. The motion of
Fyke Farmer for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 5, Original, October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
Complainant, v. The State of New York and the City of New York.
The motion of the defendant, City of New York, for leave to file peti-
tion to modify the decree entered herein May 25, 1931 (283 U. S. 805),
and the motion of defendant, State of New York, for leave to file
memorandum in support of the petition are granted.
No. 5, Original, October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
Complainant, v. The State of New York and the City of New York.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the petition of the defendant, City of New York,
for modification of the decree entered herein May 25, 1931 (283 U. S.
805), the memorandum of the defendant, State of New York, and the
answers to the petition filed by the State of New Jersey and the Com-

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
228
monwealth of Pennsylvania, be referred to Kurt F. Pantzer, Esquire,
of Indianapolis, Indiana, as a Special Master, with directions and
authority to proceed to a consideration of the issues involved and to
report to the Court with all convenient speed his recommendations in
respect of the amendment of the decree, if any.
The Special Master is authorized to employ stenographic and
clerical help, to fix times and places for taking evidence, to issue
subpenas to witnesses, including those of his own selection, and to
administer oaths. When the report of the Special Master is filed the
Clerk of the Court shall cause the same to be printed. The Special
Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable compensa-
tion for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowances
to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and clerical as-
sistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged against
and be borne by the parties in such proportions as the Court hereafter
may direct.
If the appointment herein made of a Special Master is not accepted,
or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief
Justice shall have authority to make a new designation which shall
have the same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 436. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Eman-
uel, et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee
County, Kansas, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 816. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 436.
No. 730. Thomas Schwartz, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
granted.
No. 729. Margaret Johnson, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chat-
tels, and Credits of Charles Johnson, Deceased, petitioner, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Co. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted limited to the issue raised as to the application of Rule
50 (b) of the Rules of Civil Procedure. The case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 741. Public Service Commission of Utah, Hal S. Bennett,
et al., petitioners, v. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted. Counsel are requested to discuss on
briefs and oral argument the question whether a single judge had
952806-52-77

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
229
jurisdiction to hear and determine this case in view of section 2281
of Title 28 of the United States Code.
No. 597. Joseph Mandoli, also known as Guiseppe Mendolia, peti-
tioner, v. Dean Acheson, Secretary of State. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 746. Hugh W. Sanford, petitioner, v. Robert C. Kepner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 753. F. Donald Arrowsmith and Ruth R. Bauer, Executors,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 305, Misc. Roy Webber Tinder, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 624. Rose Cadden, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 705. William C. Ramsey et al., Trustees of Sterling Manufac-
turing Company, Debtor, etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 720. Thomas J. Brennan, 44 Beatrice Avenue, Buffalo, New
York, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Delaware, Lackawanna & Western
Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 728. Switchmen's Union of North America et al., petitioners,
v. The Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company, et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 735. Hy-V Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Campbell Soup Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 737. Nick Chournos, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 739. Fred J. Lauchli, Trustee of Hartman Corporation of
America (a Corp.), Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Milton Hartman et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
230
No. 740. Moran Towing & Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, etc., United States of
America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Lowell John Block, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Colorado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Colorado denied.
No. 763. Leon F. Shackell, petitioner, v. John A. Marzall, Com-
missioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 774. Oxnard Canners, Inc., and James L. Smith, petitioners,
v. Thomas W. Bradley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 779. The American Tobacco Co., R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.,
Bank of Greece, et al., petitioners, v. J. C., N. C. and A. C. Hadjipat-
eras and Hellenic Lines, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 814. J. Harry Goldblatt and G. & G. Holding Corp., petition-
ers, v. Isidore Zamore, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Moraes Construc-
tion Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 776. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. Armstrong Coalbreak
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 35. Frank Carlson, Miriam Christine Stevenson, David Hyun,
and Harry Carlisle, petitioners, v. Herman R. Landon, District Di-
rector of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United States De-
partment of Justice; and
No. 136. James W. Butterfield, Director of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. John Zydok. Petition for
rehearing denied. The motion of petitioner Carlson to stay issuance
of the mandate, insofar as applicable to him, pending his trial in
United States v. Schneiderman et al., is granted to permit his attend-
ance at his trial which is now in progress in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of California. This stay will be
automatically dissolved when Carlson's case is submitted to the jury
or when it is finally decided by the trial court, whichever is the sooner.
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Minton
dissent from the order granting the stay.
No. 75. Louise McGrew Moffett, as an Individual and Executrix of
the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, petitioner, v. Commerce Trust Com-
pany, a Corporation, et al. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
231
No. 542. The Creamette Company, petitioner, v. T. A. Conlin et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 118. Joseph Beauharnais, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois;
No. 717. Alfred H. Osborne, Robert B. Sympson, and Phil Cabbell,
petitioners, v. J. A. Purdome, Sheriff of Jackson County, Missouri;
No. 722. Tom's Express, Inc., and Red Star Transit Company, Inc.,
appellants, v. Division of State Highway Patrol, Department of High-
ways, State of Ohio;
No. 232, Misc. Ralph D. Rutledge, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary, et al.; and
No. 472, Misc. Ralph D. Rutledge, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary;
No. 289, Misc. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 326, Misc. Rubin Leviton, Arthur Blumenfeld, and Martin
Markowitz, petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 427, Misc. Henry E. Jones, petitioner, v. The City of Norfolk,
Nebraska; and
No. 447, Misc. Robert S. Skladd, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 30, Misc. Nell Sanders Aspero, petitioner, v. Memphis and
Shelby County Bar Assn. Motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 246, Misc. James G. Eaton, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 407, Misc. Mario Livolsi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 411, Misc. R. L. Bradford, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 422, Misc. Wayman C. Hamilton, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 442, Misc. Willis L. Beal, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 449, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. William
Sawchak, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden, Western State
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
232
No. 450, Misc. William J. Murray, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 466, Misc. Merritt B. Schuyler, petitioner, v. Frederick A.
Moran, as Chairman of New York State Board of Parole, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 475, Misc. John R. Ayers, petitioner, v. O. K. Parry and Emer-
son Haines. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 479, Misc. Harold Bernstein, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 486, Misc. Augustine F. Lawrence, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 488, Misc. Earl W. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied.
No. 489, Misc. Walter Galloway, petitioner, v. State of Indiana
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Marion
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 493, Misc. Jasper Cooper, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 494, Misc. Frank Monaghan, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 499, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. Herbert H. Hann,
Warden of Nebraska State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 502, Misc. Frank Chase, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Super-
intendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 503, Misc. George Hewlett, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 506, Misc. Harry Lee Dodd, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 507, Misc. William Green, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
233
No. 512, Misc. Clarence James, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 513, Misc. Ralph Brink, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 516, Misc. Olan Williams, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 517, Misc. Benjamin Domako, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 518, Misc. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 440, Misc. Earl W. Taylor, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 500, Misc. Edward S. Fortune, petitioner, v. Richard L.
Harris, Superintendent, U. S. V. A. Insane Asylum. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 495, Misc. Annie C. Lewis and Agnes E. Lewis, petitioners, v.
United Gas Pipe Line Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition
also denied.
No. 492, Misc. Albert Tinnin, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden; and
No. 514, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director, etc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 496, Misc. Alline D. Cross, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 510, Misc. In the Matter of the Petition of the Liquor Control
Commission of the State of Connecticut; and
No. 511, Misc. In re Sol Newstead, petitioner. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1952
234
ORDER
It is ordered by the Court that T. Perry Lippitt be, and he is hereby,
appointed Marshal of this Court effective upon the retirement of the
present Marshal, Thomas Ennalls Waggaman, at the close of business
June 30, 1952.
The Chief Justice said:
I regret I must announce the retirement of Thomas E. Waggaman
as Marshal of this Court, but with gratitude for his services. His
name will now be added to the Honor Roll of those who through long
years of service have given themselves to the great interests of the
Court.
Mr. Waggaman came here as a page boy more than forty years ago.
For nearly fifteen years he has discharged the complicated and per-
vasive demands made upon the Marshal with wisdom and conspicu-
ous devotion. The duties of that office are not dramatic. The more
they are performed with quiet and almost unseen effectiveness, the
better they are discharged. But they are duties that require tact,
resourcefulness, disregard of self-high intelligence and character.
Mr. Waggaman has all these qualities and he has devoted them whole-
heartedly to the service of the Court. He leaves behind him grateful
memories. He goes with our best wishes for long years of health and
for the happy exercise of his faculties.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х