I
OCTOBER TERM, 1952
STATISTICS
Miscella-
Original Appellate
Total
neous
Number of cases on dockets.
11
863
563
1, 437
Cases disposed of __
0
742
544
1,286
Remaining on dockets
11
121
19
151
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions___.
By per curiam opinions_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases).
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____.
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
122
68
11
541
By written opinion_
1
By per curiam opinions____
3
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari
429
By denial or withdrawal of other applications_
By transfer to Appellate Docket___
103
8
Number of written opinions__
Number of printed per curiam opinions
Number of petitions for certiorari granted_
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned_____
Number of admissions to bar___
REFERENCE INDEX
104
9
115
34
1,210
James P. McGranery, Attorney General, presented___
Walter J. Cummings, Jr., Solicitor General, presented.
Mrs. William H. Clark, Sr. (mother of Mr. Justice Clark),
death of, announced___.
Court convened October 6.
President Eisenhower-Court recessed to attend inauguration
(Tuesday, Jan. 20)
Page
129
2
83
113
Charles Elmore Cropley, Clerk, death of (June 17, 1952),
announced ___
1
200218-53--86

II
Harold B. Willey, appointment as Clerk (Oct. 9, 1952) an-
nounced and effective October 13, 1952. Note.-The oath of
office was administered by the Chief Justice in his chambers
prior to the convening of Court October 13, in the presence
of the Associate Justices and members of the Clerk's family--
Leland L. Tolman, appointed a member of the Civil Rules
Advisory Committee_____
Page
6,7
173
James William Moore, appointed a member of the Civil Rules
Advisory Committee_-
185
Special term―June 15 to consider petition for habeas corpus
submitted just prior to adjournment of October term (1
Misc.) (Court met in conference room) ----
Special term-June 18 and 19, to consider application by At-
torney General to review stay of execution granted Rosen-
bergs by an individual Justice-stay vacated (see orders) ---
Conference room sessions____
256
257
4,6,256
Special Master appointed with request to first report on question
of indispensability of United States, as party (9 Orig.) -----
Disbarment-In re Norman J. Griffin___
104
147,177
In re Abraham J. Isserman (5 Misc., see opin-
ion)
In re Alger Hiss_
Counsel appointed (113, 527 for respondents) ----
Counsel motion for eviction of court-appointed counsel denied
|(4) -
Fees of Court of Customs and Patent Appeals approved--
Bond of Clerk approved
Judgment announced-no opinion of the Court (5 Misc., 52,
422)
172
195
71,173
11
227
7
172, 206, 243
51, 118, 207, 243
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (13, 24–5, 218, 566,
527)
Judgment affirmed on jurisdictional statement with three Jus-
tices voting to note probable jurisdiction and hear argument
(461, 463) ___
Judgment vacated on jurisdictional statement and motion, and
case remanded with directions to dismiss as moot citing
Snyder v. Buck, 340 U. S. 15 (174) ….
Judgment vacated on jurisdictional statement and case re-
manded for further proceedings in light of decision an-
nounced same day (455) ---
Judgment vacated and case remanded with directions to dismiss
civil contempt proceedings (5, 6) and habeas corpus (7), as
moot___
95, 118
9
104
10, 58

III
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Emergency Court of Appeals for consideration in light
of amendments to act of Congress (103) ----
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to District Court "for resentencing without taking into con-
sideration defendant's failure to testify" (128 Misc.).
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
for resentencing (341 Misc.) ---
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Court of Appeals for consideration in light of Govern-
ment's confession of error (688) -----
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari upon consideration
of Government's confession of error and "after reviewing the
record” and case remanded to District Court (235 Misc.) --
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari (100-see
opinion)----
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari citing case de-
cided same day (459, 460) --.
Page
8
59
207
230
243
70
132
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari and case remanded
with directions to dismiss proceedings (549) (companion case
decided same day, 548).
243
Judgment reversed on jurisdictional statement citing cases de-
cided same day (750) ---
244
Orders of Court of Appeals vacated on consideration of petition
for rehearing (648 O. T. 1951) and petition for certiorari
(266) and cases remanded for further proceedings in light of
recently decided case__
185
Amicus curiae-leave to file brief granted (167,374) -------- 12
Amicus curiae argument by (other than the United States),
permitted (374, 617) --
Argument continued, one Justice dissenting (segregation cases,
8 etc.)-----
162,204
4
52,236
67,257
Argument directed to certain questions (322, 8 etc.)
Argument pro hac vice (41, Rosenberg)
Argument-State requested to present its views in case where it
had indicated it would not file brief or argue (8-see
opinion) ------
Reargument ordered (230, 301, 371, 498, 8, 101, 191, 413, 448) --
79
223,
230, 236
Costs-motion to tax portion of cost of printing record against
respondent granted with two Justices dissenting (355)---
Costs-motion as to taxation of, denied (14) ----
Intervene-motion to, by intervenor in court below, denied
(238); motion by United States granted (10 Orig.); motion
assigned for argument and denied (5 Orig.) ---
126
145
60, 126, 145

IV
Substitution of State officers as parties respondent, granted
(384)__
Page
137, 145
Stay of execution granted by Court of Appeals vacated on de-
nial of certiorari (687).
Stay-motion for, denied (718) ---
225
238
Stay-motion for, referred to Court by circuit justice, denied
(- Norback) -
245
Stay of execution-motion for, referred to Court by circuit jus-
tice, denied (- Rosenberg) -
254
Stay of execution, granted by individual Justice, vacated (—
Rosenberg)
258
Stay of execution denied (-Rosenberg).
258
Habeas corpus-motion to file, denied with three Justices not-
ing their vote to transfer under 28 U. S. C. sec. 2241 (b) (276
Misc.) ___
Habeas corpus-motion for leave to file, submitted in open
Court last day of term and counsel advised to file with the
Clerk. Motion was denied same day at a special term (1
Misc.)
107
254, 256
Motion to proceed on records reproduced in part by offset
lithography in lieu of letterpress printing granted (308) ---
Papers ordered stricken (132 Misc., 166 Misc., 167 Misc.) --
Certificate dismissed (126-see opinion) __
Appeal dismissed on jurisdictional statement with two Justices
dissenting and one voting to note probable jurisdiction
(207) -----
Appeal dismissed for reason application not made within time
provided by law (335) ---
108
56
39
9
59
Appeal dismissed for want of final judgment (675) -------
Appeal remanded to Court of Appeals under 18 U. S. C. sec.
3731 (556-see opinion) ----
191
185
214
Appeal treated as certiorari and granted (244)
Certiorari:
Denied with one Justice filing a memorandum (236, 348) __ 24, 176
Denied with two Justices noting ground upon which they
would grant and reverse (118 Misc.) ..
Denied with three Justices voting to grant (135 Misc.,
465)____
Denied for reason application not made within time pro-
vided by law (133 Misc., 157 Misc., 192 Misc., 187
Misc., 217 Misc., 420, 260 Misc., 324 Misc., 598, 345
Misc., 273 Misc., 386 Misc., 387 Misc., 394 Misc., 505
Misc., 511 Misc.) ---
56
74, 127
44,
65, 74, 88, 110, 111, 148, 168, 169, 187, 196, 210, 253

Rehearing granted (648 O. T. 1951). Certiorari also granted
and order of Court of Appeals vacated and case remanded
for further proceedings in light of recently decided case ____
Rehearing denied with one Justice filing a memorandum and
another adhering to view that certiorari should be granted
(111–2)
Rehearing denied with two Justices noting their vote to
grant (174)
Rehearing denied with statement by one Justice and noting of
vote to grant by another (687)
Page
185
71
72
250
Rehearing denied as out of time (345 Misc.) --
187
Order suspending call of docket entered May 4; arguments
completed May 5………….
210
Order fixing adjournment date_
227
Final order June 15, 1953_.
255
UJ. S. GOVERNMENT PRInting officCE: 1953

1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"With deep personal sorrow the Court learned of the death of its
Clerk, Charles Elmore Cropley, on June 17, 1952.
"Born in 1894, Mr. Cropley lived in Washington throughout his
life. At the age of 13 he began his career with this Court as a Page
boy. For two years, during 1911 and 1912, he left the Court to work
in the Library of Congress and the Smithsonian Institution. How-
ever, in 1913, he returned as an Assistant Clerk. On June 6, 1927,
he was appointed Clerk. He served in this capacity until his death.
"Charles Elmore Cropley loved and revered the Court. He brought
to his office a degree of thoroughness and courteous dignity seldom
found today. These qualities won for him the respect and friendship
of the Court, its staff, and of lawyers and litigants throughout the
Nation. On the occasion of his fortieth anniversary with the Court
in 1948, the American Bar Association Journal praised his 'long and
distinguished service, for which many lawyers have been unceasingly
grateful from the time they first stepped timidly and hesitantly into
the office of the Clerk of this great Court.'
"It was a part of Mr. Cropley's duties to furnish the Court with
annual reports which reviewed the affairs of his office. Countless ex-
pressions in these reports reflect the full measure of his devotion, not
just to his particular duties, but to the Court as an institution. He
sometimes referred to his position as Clerk, not as his ‘job,' but as
his 'stewardship.' He spoke regularly of his ‘inherent desire to pre-
serve and perpetuate the traditions' of his office, of his respect and in-
debtedness to his associates for 'their loyal support in our common en-
deavor. Even the various statistics, which he was called upon to recite
to the Court, were phrased, not in the sterile language of the usual re-
port, but in the language of one who cherishes a strong personal at-
tachment to his duty. Thus, in commenting on the increased number
of applications for membership to the Bar of the Court after 1945, Mr.
Cropley wrote feelingly of the great number of lawyers who 'were
done with the brutality of war,' who now sought the chance to serve
in the Supreme legal forum where civilized process justly composes
the conflicts of men.' On another occasion he wrote: "The nearly
200218-52-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1952
2
forty years since I first came to the Court gleam with innumerable
facets of memory-those are my cherished and enduring gifts from the
Court.'
"Perhaps, among those memories, were the proceedings of the
Court on Monday, June 6, 1927. Chief Justice Taft observed: 'The
Court takes great pride in the history of the maintenance of the
traditions of the Clerk's office and of the length of service of those
who administered it.' And, in announcing Mr. Cropley's appoint-
ment as Clerk, the Chief Justice said: 'He has great familiarity with
the duties of the office and carries with him to its headship the tradi-
tions that have secured such distinguished and useful service by . .
his predecessors, with the probability of a life of long usefulness.'
"Surely this expression of confidence has been fulfilled. With sor-
row we must now mark the end of Mr. Cropley's 'stewardship,' but we
may always take pride that he served so well, that he, himself, was
always so proud to have opportunity to serve so well."
Mr. Acting Solicitor General Stern presented the Honorable James
P. McGranery, Attorney General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, the Court welcomes you to the perform-
ance of the important duties which devolve upon you as the chief
law officer of the Government, and as an officer of this Court. Your
commission will be recorded by the Clerk."
Charles Edison Walker, of Columbus, Ga., and Isadore Gottlieb, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert
L. Stern; William H. Veeder, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
Joseph C. Duggan; George Nayf Bashara, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machrowicz; Merwin F. LeVine, of New York,
N. Y., and Harry N. Schechter, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Arthur P. Drury; Oscar D. Longstreth, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., Carl
Langston, of Little Rock, Ark., and Dave E. Witt, of Little Rock, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. Sam M. Wassell; Jerome Hamilton Goubeaux, of
Greenville, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; F. Mer-
rill Chandler, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Warren Price, Jr.;
B. Bowie Bragunier, of University Park, Md., on motion of Mr.
Joseph H. Freehill; Folsom E. Drummond, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Casper Shepard McClelland; George R. Whittington,
of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Calvin Williamson; Melvin
Evans, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. Gordon M. Atherholt;
William Atha Mason, of Rifle, Colo., on motion of Mr. Carl J. Batter;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1952
3
Valeria White Watts, of Dalton, Ga., on motion of Mrs. Ruby Kettles
Roach; Julius W. Robertson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Robert McKinley Williams; Frank J. Bona, of Buffalo, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard Nicholas Ivins; Ransom W. Chase, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Northcutt Ely; Richard M. Cantor,
of New York, N. Y., and George Halpern, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. H. Max Ammerman; Aaron W. Shapiro, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Edward Aaronson; Victor S. Bryant, of Dur-
ham, N. C., on motion of Mr. William Caverly; William Beasley
Harris, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. George M. Johnson; Basil
Lee Whitener, of Gastonia, N. C., on motion of Mr. Fred W. Morrison;
Andrew W. Carroll, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. San-
dolphre Robinson; John R. Brown, of Houston, Tex., and Daniel L.
Stonebridge, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard C. Mar-
shall, 3d; Albert F. Grisard, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. J.
Raymond Hoover; Bernal Seamster, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr.; James P. Mize, of Salina, Kans., on motion of
Mr. James M. Barnes; Lewis Rhea Baxter, of Jacksonville, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Frank F. Roberson; Hamilton DeSaussure, of Wash-
ington, D. C., and Stanley Ira Harper, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; George H. Tinker, of Aurora, Ill., on
motion of Mr. L. Alton Denslow; John Clifford Snow, of Province-
town, Mass., on motion of Mr. Benedict F. FitzGerald, Jr.; Norman
Leonard, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer;
William E. Stewart, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Thomas V. Moore, of
Bladensburg, Md., John S. Bolger, of Roanoke, Va., Edward H.
Schroeder, of Golf, Ill., and Frank P. Bassin, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard W. Galiher; Burt E. Ballard, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Eugene Gressman; Joe W. Johnson, of Winston-
Salem, N. C., and Archie Elledge, of Winston-Salem, N. C., on motion
of Mr. Wesley E. McDonald; George F. Petzer, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Miles H. Knowles; Donald J. Carman, of Riverside,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Howard E. Wahrenbrock; John F. Loehr, of
Yonkers, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Stuart Erdahl; Gregory
O'Keefe, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred K. Cherry;
Donald James Quigg, of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Paul
Louis Gomory; Frank L. Sprague, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Martin McDonough; and Julius Kass, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., were admitted to practice.
Adjourned until Monday, October 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
22, 32, 31, 3, 9, 8, 101, 10, and 39.
Х

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 8. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Edlcation of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court of
Kansas;
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District #22, Clarendon County, S. C. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of South Caro-
lina; and
No. 191. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis and Inez D. Davis,
Infants, by John Davis, Their Father and Next Friend, et al., ap-
pellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward County, Virginia,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the East-
ern District of Virginia. Per Curiam:
PER CURIAM.
In two appeals now pending, No. 8, Brown et al. v. Board of Educa-
tion of Topeka et al., and No. 101, Briggs et al. v. Elliott et al., the
appellants challenge, respectively, the constitutionality of a statute
of Kansas, and a statute and the constitution of South Carolina,
which provide for segregation in the schools of these states. Appel-
lants allege that segregation is, per se, a violation of the Fourteenth
Amendment. Argument in these cases has heretofore been set for
the week of October 13, 1952.
In No. 191, Davis et al. v. County School Board of Prince Edward
County et al., the appellants have filed a Statement of Jurisdiction
raising the same issue in respect to a statute and the constitution of
Virginia. Appellees in the Davis case have called attention to the
similarity between it and the Briggs and Brown cases; by motion
they have asked the Court to take necessary action to have all three
cases argued together.
This Court takes judicial notice of a fourth case, which is pending
in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit, Bolling et al. v. Sharpe et al., No. 11,018 on that court's docket.
In that case, the appellants challenge the appellees' refusal to admit
200218-52-2

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1952
5
certain Negro appellants to a segregated white school, in the District
of Columbia; they allege that appellees have taken such action pur-
suant to certain Acts of Congress; they allege that such action is a
violation of the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution.
The Court is of the opinion that the nature of the issue posed in
those appeals now before the Court involving the Fourteenth Amend-
ment, and also the effect of any decision which it may render in those
cases, is such that it would be well to consider, simultaneously, the
constitutional issues posed in the case of Bolling et al. v. Sharpe et al.
To the end that arguments may be heard together in all four of
these cases, the Court will continue the Brown and Briggs cases on
its docket. Probable jurisdiction is noted in Davis et al. v. County
School Board of Prince Edward County et al. Arguments will be
heard in these three cases at the first argument session in December.
The Court will entertain a petition for certiorari in the case of
Bolling et al. v. Sharpe et al., 28 U. S. §§ 1254 (1), 2101 (e), which
if presented and granted will afford opportunity for argument of the
case immediately following the arguments in the three appeals now
pending.
MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS dissents from postponing argument and deci-
sion in the three cases presently here for Bolling et al. v. Sharpe et al.,
in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit.
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
6
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
ORDER
It is ordered that Harold B. Willey be appointed Clerk of this Court
in the place of Charles Elmore Cropley, deceased, and that he forth-
with take the oath of office and give bond as required by statute and
the order of this Court entered November 22, 1948.
200218-52-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
7
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"I am pleased to announce the appointment by the Court of Harold
B. Willey to be its Clerk to succeed the late Charles Elmore Cropley.
"While an Assistant Clerk, Mr. Willey received his degree in law
from the George Washington University Law School, and was ad-
mitted to the Bar of this Court in 1935. He was appointed a Deputy
Clerk in 1941. He has spent some 28 years in the service of the Court
performing his duties with marked ability.
"We are confident that Mr. Willey will continue to serve efficiently
with courtesy to the Bar and the litigants before this Court; that he
will be a worthy successor to the 10 other gentlemen who have preceded
him in this position of honor and trust."
An order is entered approving the bond of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that it be recorded.
Charles P. West, of Miami, Fla., Thomas L. Tatham, of Miami,
Fla., Milton D. Jones, of Clearwater, Fla., and H. H. Baskin, Jr.,
of Clearwater, Fla., on the motion of Mr. W. C. Lantaff; Russell Ed-
ward Heidtman, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Acting So-
licitor General Robert L. Stern; Joseph W. Marlow, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; A. David Epstein, of
Camden, N. J., on motion of Mr. Thomas D. McBride; Minoa J.
Nicholas, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. C. Welmore Robinson;
Irving K. Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph M.
Stone; William A. Lucas, of Wilson, N. C., on motion of R. Brookes
Peters; Willis C. Moffatt, of Boise, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Andrew
G. Haley; Benjamin M. Ratner, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr.
James Perkins Parker; Anthony T. Clementi, of Chicago, Ill., and
William L. Kelley, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph F. Berlow;
Robert E. Breidenthal, of Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. Gordon
Meade Atherholt; John Ligtenberg, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Miss Selma Munter Borchardt; John C. Melaniphy, of Chicago, Ill.,
200218-52--4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
8
on motion of Mr. William R. Vallance; Norman A. Faulkner, of
Alexandria, Va., and David D. Porter, of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; LeRoy J. Abt, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Meredith M. Daubin; Hymen D. Goldberg, of Tucson, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Mark H. Woolsey; Carl Skog, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; James B. Stubbins, of Zanesville,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. K. Martin Worthy; Hilton Lee Douglass, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; Jerry
B. Riseley, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller;
Henry C. Kessler, Jr., of York, Pa., on motion of Mr. Richard W.
Galiher; and George H. Baldwin, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Miles Dorwin Pillars, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 81. G. Seals Aiken, appellant, v. William Richardson. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of Georgia; and
No. 220. John Fernandez, J. Manuel Fernandez and L. V. Baker,
appellants, v. A. W. Kellner, et al., as and Constituting the Florida
State Board of Dental Examiners. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Florida. Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 84. Grady Ivey, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas;
No. 92. Alice M. Halliday, Administratrix of the Estate of Janet
M. Halliday, Deceased, appellant, v. Union Properties, Inc., et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio;
No. 165. Frank Benis, alias Frank Bienert, appellant, v. State of
Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 228. Flora Realty and Investment Company, appellant, v. City
of Ladue. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Missouri; and
No. 241. Motors Insurance Corporation, the Avondale Motor Car
Company, et al., appellants, v. Walter A. Robinson, as Superintendent
of Insurance of Ohio, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 96. James Monroe Jefferson, appellant, v. Chronicle Publish-
ing Company. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of
California., Second Appellate District. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice
Burton is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 103. Ellis Arnall, Director of Price Stabilization, petitioner, v.
Safeway Stores, Incorporated. On petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
9
the United States Emergency Court of Appeals. Per Curiam: The
motion to substitute Tighe E. Woods, present Director of Price Sta-
bilization, as the party petitioner in the place and stead of Ellis
Arnall, resigned, is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals for consideration in the
light of amendments to the Defense Production Act, approved June
30, 1952. (66 Stat. 296)
No. 148. Tide Water Associated Oil Company, appellant, v. L. G.
Robinson, on behalf of Local 445, Oil Workers International Union.
Appeal from the Superior Court of California, Contra Costa County.
Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc. v. Missouri, 342 U. S. 421. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson are of the opinion that
probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for
argument.
No. 166. All States Freight, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America and Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Ohio; and
No. 190. Brooks Transportation Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court of Virginia, Eastern
District. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgments are affirmed.
No. 174. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General's Office, Depart-
ment of Justice, Washington, D. C., appellant, v. National Associ-
ation of Manufacturers of the United States of America and Ken-
neth R. Miller. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia. Per Curiam: The motion to vacate is
granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to the
United States District Court with directions to dismiss the complaint
upon the ground that the case is moot. Snyder v. Buck, 340 U. S. 15.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 207. Division 26 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America, et al.,
appellants, v. The City of Detroit, a Municipal Corporation, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent. Mr. Justice Burton
is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 211. Earl Scott, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motion

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
10
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed from the want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1257 (2). The
petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 224. Forrest G. Good, et al., appellants, v. The Dow Chemical
Company. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari as required by 28 U. S. C. Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia, et al. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within sixty days,
requiring the defendants to show cause why leave to file the bill of
complaint should not be granted.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico, et al. The answers of the State of New Mexico and Middle
Rio Grande Conservancy District, et al., are received and filed.
No. 1. Emory S. Land, Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce,
et al., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, et al.; and
No. 2. In the Matter of George L. Killion, petitioner. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Dismissed on motions of counsel for petitioners.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these motions.
No. 5. Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce, et al., petitioners,
v. R. Stanley Dollar, et al.; and
No. 6. In the Matter of George L. Killion, petitioner. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated
and the cases are remanded to that court with directions to dismiss
the proceedings upon the ground that the cause is moot. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases.
No. 353, October Term, 1950. Emory S. Land, Edward Macauley,
John M. Carmody, et al., etc., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar
Steamship Line, et al. The motion of petitioners for leave to with-
draw the motion for leave to file petition for reconsideration is granted.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this motion.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
11
No. 4. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. The motion of petitioner for eviction
of court appointed counsel is denied.
No. 9. Wilbur C. King, et al., as and Constituting the Florida Rail-
road and Public Utilities Commission, appellants, v. The United
States of America, et al. The motion on behalf of the State of Mon-
tana and Board of Railroad Commissioners for leave to appear and
present oral argument as amici curiae is denied.
No. 23. The City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner,
v. The Willett Company, an Illinois Corporation. The motion to
consider transcripts of record and briefs filed in prior causes as having
been filed in this cause is granted.
No. 26. The American Trucking Associations, Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al.;
No. 35. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, and Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al.; and
No. 36. The Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America, and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. The motion of Movers Conference of America for
leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 39. William Baumet, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America, et al. The motion to proceed on the typewritten record
is granted. The motion of respondent, Julie Peters, for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 43. Montgomery Building and Construction Trades Council,
et al., petitioners, v. Ledbetter Erection Company, Inc. The motion
by the Solicitor General, on behalf of the National Labor Relations
Board, for leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae
is granted and thirty minutes is allowed for that purpose.
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District #22, Clarendon County, S. D., et al. The motion for leave
to file brief of National Lawyers Guild as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 120. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Crescent
Amusement Company, Rockwood Amusements, Inc., et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion
for leave to file brief of James W. Penn and others as amici curiae is
granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
12
No. 179. South Buffalo Railway Company, appellant, v. Gertrude
Sloan Ahern and New York State Workmen's Compensation Board;
and
No. 244. Leona Anderson May, appellant, v. Owen Anderson. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 181. Ernest S. Clements, Commissioner of Wild Life and
Fisheries of the State of Louisiana, appellant, v. Dominic Gospodono-
vich, et al.;
No. 187. William E. Bode, Isaac Sandridge, R. E. Sponsler, et al.,
appellants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, et al.;
No. 258. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and Texas Citrus and Vegetable Growers and Shippers; and
No. 274. Co-Ordinated Transport, Inc. of Illinois, et al., appel-
Jants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of the State of Illinois, et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and cases transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 197. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph H.
Wilson, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of "Co-Operative
Buying Service"; and
No. 198. The United States of America, appellant, v. Purchasing
Corporation of America, Norman W. Raies, William T. Tweel, et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The cases are con-
solidated for argument and transferred to the summary docket.
No. 66. Marcel Max Lutwak, Munio Knoll, and Regina Treitler,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No. 89. Automatic Canteen Company of America, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 139. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Ignatz Mezei. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 150. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation and Alexis I. dup.
Bayard, Receiver, petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company
et al.; and
No. 160. Meredith H. Metzger, Henry Offerman and J. S. Farlee
& Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
13
No. 203. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 205. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California and the California
Electric Power Company; and
No. 206. The County of Mineral, State of Nevada, a Political Sub-
division of the State of Nevada, petitioner, v. The Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California and the California Electric
Power Company, a Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California granted.
No. 218. Kefugio Roman Martinez, petitioner, v. Marcus T. Neelly,
Successor as of July 1, 1951, to Andrew Jordan, District Director,
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 226. J. Lauritzen, petitioner, v. Evald Johann Larsen. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 60. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Charles
E. O'Rourke. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 75. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Motion Picture
Advertising Service Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 76. Edwin E. Healy and Gordon W. Hartfield, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 86. Local Union No. 10, United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters, etc., et al., petitioners, v. O. J. Graham,
et al., Partners, Trading as Graham Brothers. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 97. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Thomas W.
Dant, et al., Co-Partners, Doing Business as Dant & Russell, Ltd.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 217. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seven-Up
Bottling Company of Miami, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
14
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 242. Vernie Bailess, County Treasurer, Cado County, Okla-
homa, et al., petitioners, v. Juana Paukune. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 253. United States of America, petitioner, v. Certain Parcels of
Land in the County of Fairfax, Commonwealth of Virginia, and Belle
Haven Realty Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 53. American Newspaper Publishers Association, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted
limited to question No. 2 presented by the petition for the writ. Case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 87. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward A.
Rumely. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Burton and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 138. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Hall C.
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Case transferred to summary
docket and assigned for argument immediately following No. 76.
No. 182. Kenneth C. Gordon and Kenneth J. MacLeod, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted
limited to questions Nos. 2 and 3 presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 193. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. George Huffman,
Individually, and on Behalf of a Class, etc., et al.; and
No. 194. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, etc., petitioner,
v. George Huffman, Individually, and on Behalf of a Class, etc., et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted. Motion for leave to file brief of Vet-
erans of Foreign Wars of the United States as amicus curiae denied.
No. 238. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gamble
Enterprises, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Case transferred
to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 53.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
15
No. 9, Misc. Roosevelt Ward, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket.
No. 15, Misc. Harry A. Stein, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York;
No. 16, Misc. Nathan Wissner, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 24, Misc. Calman Cooper, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York granted limited to the question as to the admissibility of
the confessions. Cases transferred to the appellate docket and con-
solidated for argument, each side to be allowed one hour.
No. 52, Misc. Roberta Wells, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Cheek Wells, petitioner, v. Simonds Abrasive Company. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted limited to question 2 presented by the petition for the
writ and case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 45. R. W. Pickerill and Julienne N. Pickerill, petitioners, v.
Lewis M. Schott, Director of the Beverage Department of the State
of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 48. George Allen, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 49. Harry W. Simpson, Edward F. Simpson and F. W. Simp-
son, Jr., Copartners, etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 50. J. Owen Robins, Individually, and Doing Business Under
the Name and Style of Robins Transfer Company, petitioner, v. At-
lantic Coast Line Railroad Company, a Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 54. Modern Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board and Somerset Classics, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 55. Ruddy Brook Clothes, Inc., petitioner, v. British and For-
eign Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
200218-52-6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
16
No. 56. International Typographical Union, Woodruff Randolph,
Larry Taylor, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 57. Paul C. Norwitt, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 58. Providence Fruit and Produce Bldg., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Gamco Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
- States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 59. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Transit Advertisers, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 61. Nat Yanish and John Diaz, petitioners, v. Bruce G. Barber,
Individually and as District Director, 13th Immigration District,
Immigration and Naturalization Service, Department of Justice.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 62. Robert B. Olsen, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany; and
No. 63. Cyril B. Alwine, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 64. Hamlin F. Andrus, Louis Gelbman and Besser Manufac-
turing Company, petitioners, v. John A. Whitman, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 65. S. W. Pressey and S. W. Pressey, Jr., Doing Business as
S. W. Pressey and Son, petitioners, v. Buford O. Schlottman, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 67. Jefferson Lake Sulphur Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 68. F. S. Whelan and Sons, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 69. The Sherwood Distilling Company and Louis Mann, peti-
tioners, v. Peoples First National Bank and Trust Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
17
No. 70. Algonquin Gas Transmission Company and Texas Eastern
Transmission Corporation, petitioners, v. Northeastern Gas Trans-
mission Company, Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, Federal
Power Commission, et al.; and
No. 172. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Northeastern
Gas Transmission Company, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 71. Mundet Cork Corporation, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 72. Richard C. Roles, petitioner, v. Hugh Earle, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Oregon, and the United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 73. H. B. Zachry Company, petitioner, v. T. N. Terry. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 78. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Arthur
Winer, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 82. National Mutual Insurance Company of the District of
Columbia, petitioner, v. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and El-
liott Bros. Trucking Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 83. Leo Lichtenstein, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Samuel C. Brody, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Suf-
folk County, Massachusetts, denied.
No. 90. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Mat-
thew S. Kainz and Rose Kainz, Copartners, Doing Business as Matt &
Neal's Liquors, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 91. 58th Street Plaza Theatre, Inc., and Jeanette Brecher,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 93. Margaret Trimble Revedin, petitioner, v. Dean G. Acheson,
Secretary of State of the United States, and United States Trust Com-
pany of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
18
No. 94. George Herberger and Mable Herberger, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 98. Susie V. Watwood, petitioner, v. Stone's Mercantile Agency,
Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 99. Marion A. Burt Beck, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 104. Buck Jones and Taft Haithcock, d/b/a Jones and Haith-
cock Used Cars, petitioners, v. A. M. Harper, Major General, United
States Army. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 105. W. K. Chapman, et ux., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 107. Sinclair Refining Company, a Maine Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Walter Gutowski. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Girard Trust Corn Exchange Bank, as Trustee of a Trust
Under Deed of Albert R. Gallatin Welsh Dated March 19, 1935, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 110. Willard Williams, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele, War-
den, United States Medical Center, Springfield, Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 114. Winthrop Taylor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 115. Ruth Forbes Steen, Formerly Ruth Forbes McLeod, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 116. American Steamship Company, as Owner of the Str. John
J. Boland, petitioner, v. The Interlake Steamship Company, as Owner
of the Str. Frank Armstrong. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, denied.
No. 117. Deena Products Company, petitioner, v. United Brick &
Clay Workers of America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
19
No. 118. Lanolin Plus Cosmetics, Inc., petitioner, v. John A. Mar-
zall, Commissioner of Patents and Botany Mills, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 119. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Selene R. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 121. In the Matter of Mario L. Bove, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 122. Jacob Colon and Evelyn Colon, Individuals Trading as
E. & J. Distributing Company, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 124. Electric Auto-Lite Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 140. Local 12, International Union, United Automobile, Air-
craft and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C. I. O., peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 125. Inez White, et al., petitioners, v. Chicago Land Clearance
Commission, a Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 127. Hotel & Restaurant Employees' Bartenders' International
Union, A. F. of L., et al., petitioners, v. Richards-Greenfield, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Wayne County
of Michigan denied.
No. 128. Ronald U. Tilley, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 130. James V. Martin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Patents.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 131. Darrell Labrenz, Rhoda Labrenz, and Cheryl Linn La-
brenz, a Minor, by Darrell Labrenz, her Next Friend, petitioners v.
People of the State of Illinois, on the Relation of Alda Wallace, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 132. August Gensmer, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
200218-52——7

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
20
No. 133. George Delany, petitioner, v. Margaret Jessie Patterson
Padgett, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 134. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. James Tierney, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 135. L. C. Parker, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 136. Air Transport Associates, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 141. Franklyn D. Webster, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 142. Estate of Henry Hauptfuhrer, Deceased, Henry Haupt-
fuhrer, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 144. Carpenter Container Corporation, petitioner, v. The Con-
tainer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 145. Orton T. Campbell, petitioner, v. John J. Deviny, et al.;
and
No. 146. Orton T. Campbell, petitioner, v. John J. Deviny, et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 147. Wabash Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Byler.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 149. Leslie W. Mills, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 151. Robert E. Stoehr, Trading as Stoehr & Fisher, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 152. Mondakota Gas Company, petitioner, v. Montana-Dakota
Utilities Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 158. Samuel Ochs, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
21
No. 159. Frederick Charles Witt, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 161. Gustav Machaty, petitioner, v. Astra Pictures, Inc.,
Michael M. Wyngate, Inc., Martin Licht. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 162. Astra Pictures, Inc., petitioner, v. Eureka Productions,
Inc., Jewel Productions, Inc., Samuel Cummins and Rose Chatkin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 163. Deena Products Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 164. Furman Gulick Spencer, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 169. M. G. Martinez, Fabian Vigil, Solomon Lovato, et al., peti-
tioners, v. J. Luis Rivera, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Harry Herman Slackman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 171. Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Thomas M. Brooks. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 173. Leif G. Hansen, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 175. Ben Friedman, petitioner, v. Heating Equipment Manu-
facturing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 176. Raymond M. Crane, Doing Business as Associated Fruit
Distributors of California, petitioner, v. Joseph Denunzio Fruit Com-
pany, a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 177. Arthur G. Gage, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 180. Joseph Pignataro, petitioner, v. Waterman Steamship
Corporation and Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
22
No. 183. Tom G. Sanders, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 186. Edward George Robison, petitioner, v. Florence Krumm
Robison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 189. Mary Ella Harris, petitioner, v. Sadie Beatrice Harris.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 192. George H. Taylor, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 195. T. M. Duche & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 196. George W. Ferguson and D. O. Spires, petitioners, v. The
State of South Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 199. Peter Vincent Crolich, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 200. Edna Clark, a Minor, by Charles K. Clark, Father and
Next Friend, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 201. Fred Slenker and Elizabeth Slenker, petitioners, v. Grand
Lodge of the State of Illinois of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 202. State of California, California Polytechnic School and
California State Board of Equalization, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 204. Continental Southern Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board, Ozark Airlines, Inc., and Southern Airways, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 208. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, a Michigan
Corporation, petitioner, v. Adel Precision Products Corporation, a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
23
No. 209. Michael M. Weiss, petitioner, v. K. McKinley Smith. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 212. A. Gusmer, Inc., a Corporation, petitioner, v. James P.
McGranery, Attorney General of the United States, Successor to Alien
Property Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 213. M. C. Schaefer, petitioner, v. Sam Macri, Don Macri, Joe
Macri, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
- of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
.
No. 214. Brigantine Beach Hotel Corporation, petitioner, v. Gene
R. Mariano, Receiver of Brigantine Beach Hotel Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 216. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Chicago Packaged Fuel Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 219. Maple Island Farm, Inc., petitioner, v. Walter Bitterling.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Martin Ross and Milton Gecker, petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 273. Irving Ross, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 222. Hertha L. Wohlmuth, petitioner, v. Dean G. Acheson,
Secretary of State of the United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 223. Samuel Goldberger and Adolph Kaplan, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 225. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Angelo Tar-
ranto, petitioner, v. John E. Babb, Sheriff. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 229. Louis Joe LeForce, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 231. Mark McGee, R. H. Rucker, Kate H. Pearce, and Charles
P. Atkinson, petitioners, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
24
Mercantile National Bank at Dallas. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 234. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Mabel Atchison,
Wife of Bosco Franicevich. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 236. Louis Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Memorandum filed by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 237. L. J. Williams, d/b/a L. J. Williams Lumber Company,
et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 239. Aeration Processes, Inc., petitioner, v. Louis A. Lange and
Joseph B. Winkler, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 252. L. L. McGuire and Lenore McGuire, petitioners, v. A. W.
Todd et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 254. Charles E. White, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 255. Holmes Marcy Davenport, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 256. Frank Bruce Rising, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 257. Washington Lumber and Millwork Co., petitioner, v.
Dant and Russell Sales Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 259. Advance Machinery Exchange, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 261. William C. Barnett, petitioner, v. Esther E. Jenkins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Saint Louis Court of Appeals of
Missouri denied.
No. 263. Ianthe B. Hardenbergh and Gabrielle Hardenbergh, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
25
No. 265. Jack Coast, petitioner, v. Hunt Oil Company and Ohio Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 268. Alfred Victor duPont, petitioner, v. Dorothy Elizabeth
Barton duPont. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Delaware denied.
No. 269. The City of Los Angeles, a Municipal Corporation, and
the Council of the City of Los Angeles, petitioners, v. The Housing
Authority of the City of Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 270. Kobe, Inc., and Alta Vista Hydraulic Company, peti-
tioners, v. Dempsey Pump Company, Oscar E. Dempsey, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 275. Stella J. Carter and Alfred P. Goodlet, petitioners, v.
Katherine Simpson, Executrix of the Last Will of George L. Laux,
Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 279. William H. Weitknecht and Noble L. Moore, Executors,
Estate of John H. Edwards, Deceased, petitioners, v. District of Co-
lumbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 282. Dealer's Transport Company, petitioner, v. Paul C.
Grasse. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 74. Independent Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 108. Walter Ellsworth Brehm, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 111. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 112. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion in No. 111 for leave to file brief of National Lawyers
Guild as amicus curiae is denied. The petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit are
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the petitions should be
granted.
No. 129. Jessie C. Babb, petitioner, v. Mandel Benjamin, Chief of
the Chicago Area, Social Security Administration, et al. Motion to
リ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
26
dispense with printing the petition, motion, and record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus also denied.
No. 137. Burlington County Bridge Commission, et al., petitioners,
v. Alfred E. Driscoll, Governor of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 184. Richard C. Nongard, et al., Individually and as Partners
Trading as Ketcham & Nongard, et al., petitioners, v. Alfred E. Dris-
coll, Governor of the State of New Jersey, et al.; and
No. 188. Robert K. Bell, petitioner, v. Alfred E. Driscoll, Governor
of the State of New Jersey, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Black took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 143. John Jaroszewski, petitioner, v. The Central Railroad
Company of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 168. Albert Williams Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be
granted. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 215. David Fass and Benjamin L. Candell, et al., petitioners, v.
Carl R. Gray, Jr. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 235. West Coast Meat Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 449, October Term, 1950. John Michael Petrone, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 151, October Term, 1951. The United States of America, Inter-
state Commerce Commission, et al., appellants, v. Great Northern Rail-
way Company;
No. 176, October Term, 1951. Morris Leland, appellant, v. The
State of Oregon;
No. 517, October Term, 1951. Richard A. McGee, Director, Cali-
fornia Department of Corrections, and Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc., petitioners, v. James Nels Ekberg;
No. 543, October Term, 1951. On Lee, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 762, October Term, 1951. Lowell John Block, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of Colorado; and
:
"

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
27
No. 788, October Term, 1951. The Eight O'Clock Club, a Corpora-
tion, and Roy Wood, appellants, v. Otto K. Buder and Michigan
Liquor Control Commission. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 611, October Term, 1950. Joe Maloy, petitioner, v. State of
Florida. Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 401, October Term, 1951. Konrad G. Johansen, petitioner, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 414. Samuel Mandel, Administrator of the Estate of Robert
Willie Dillehay, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motions for leave to file briefs of (1) Herbert L. John-
son, and (2) Cora Mae Meyer, Administratrix, etc., as amici curiae,
in Nos. 401 and 414; and briefs of (1) National Association of Claim-
ants' Compensation Attorneys; (2) Melvin M. Belli and others; (3)
B. A. Green; and (4) Seafarer's International Union as amici curiae
in No. 414 are denied. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 570, October Term, 1951. Tomoya Kawakita, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this application.
No. 624, October Term, 1951. Rose Cadden, petitioner, v. The Com-
monwealth of Kentucky. Motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 714, October Term, 1951. Union Carbide and Carbon Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., Inc., and the Lincoln
Electric Company. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Bur-
ton took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 394, Misc., October Term, 1951. Albert R. House, petitioner, v.
William H. Hiatt, Warden of the United States Penitentiary at
Atlanta, Georgia;
No. 409, Misc., October Term, 1951. Earl C. Weldon, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 422, Misc., October Term, 1951. Wayman C. Hamilton, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 440, Misc., October Term, 1951. Earl W. Taylor, petitioner, v.
Dr. Ivan W. Steele, Superintendent, etc.;
No. 475, Misc., October Term, 1951. John R. Ayers, petitioner, v.
O. K. Parry and Emerson Haines;
No. 481, Misc., October Term, 1951. G. W. Lindsey, petitioner, v.
J. A. Watson and Mary Watson;
No. 486, Misc., October Term, 1951. Augustine F. Lawrence, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America;
No. 487, Misc., October Term, 1951. Frank Casone, petitioner, v.
State of Tennessee;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
28
No. 503, Misc., October Term, 1951. George Hewlett, petitioner, v.
People of the State of California; and
No. 518, Misc., October Term, 1951. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner,
v. Erie Railroad Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 309, Misc., October Term, 1951. Anthony Freapane, petitioner,
v. The State of Illinois. Third petition for rehearing denied.
No. 397, Misc., October Term, 1951. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. The
United States District Court for the Northern District of California,
et al. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 54, Misc. Phillip C. Slusser, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Motion to amend the petition
for writ of certiorari granted.
No. 7, Misc. William L. Mock, a Minor, by Juanita L. Old, as His
Guardian ad litem, petitioner, v. L. N. Davies, Individually and as
a Deputy Sheriff, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 8, Misc. Frank S. Rubens, petitioner, v. L. C. Boies, Sheriff of
Maricopa County, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Arizona denied.
No. 10, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 11, Misc. George E. Hicks, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid, Superin-
tendent, District of Columbia Jail, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 13, Misc. George D. Latimer, petitioner, v. State of Washing-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 14, Misc. George Wright, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 17, Misc. William C. Hodges, petitioner, v. People of State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 18, Misc. Israel Jimenez-Melendéz, petitioner, v. James Man-
ning Jones, Warden, Insular Penitentiary of Puerto Rico. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 20, Misc. Robert Pratt, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
29
No. 21, Misc. Joseph D. Daniels, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, Illinois, denied.
No. 22, Misc. William H. Tully, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 23, Misc. Norman E. Dunbar, petitioner, v. State of Wash-
ington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 25, Misc. Dennis Ballard, petitioner, v. International Har-
vester Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 30, Misc. Julian Diaz and Madelaine Garvey, otherwise known
as Leah Garvey, petitioners, v. Frank R. Crom, as Trustee, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 31, Misc. Homer Neal, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 32, Misc. John Witte, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, as Warden
of Indiana State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana denied.
No. 33, Misc. George C. Bitsakis, petitioner, v. Alexander P. Wine,
Butchers Mutual Insurance Company, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 35, Misc. Walter Roberts, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 37, Misc. Wayne Youngs, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 39, Misc. Leon Pyeatte, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 40, Misc. Jose Cabigting Miranda, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 41, Misc. Stanley Kaval, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 42, Misc. Fred Palmer, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
30
No. 43, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Henry Lindsley,
Judge, F. M. Steffes and Hyman Landy. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 44, Misc. George Small, petitioner, v. Francis C. Shaw, Direc-
tor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York, denied.
No. 45, Misc. William J. Gresham, petitioner, v. People of State of
California, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California, denied.
No. 47, Misc. Lester S. Lazenby, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 48, Misc. Charles A. Greene, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Peoria County, Peoria, Illinois, denied.
No. 49, Misc. Ernest G. Booth, petitioner, v. Dr. Marion R. King,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia, denied.
No. 51, Misc. Maurice Allen, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois, denied.
No. 53, Misc. Alexander Gliva, petitioner, v. Emery E. Jacques,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 55, Misc. James Harmon George, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 56, Misc. Henry Martinez and Louis Bommarito, petitioners,
v. State of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 57, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 58, Misc. Catherine Hein, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Super-
intendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 59, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Donald Nelson,
Carlton Hayward, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 60, Misc. Hoyle Polk, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 61, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. William A. Black,
Judge of District Court, City and County of Denver, Colorado, et al.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
31
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 62, Misc. Annie Mary Timmons, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. John M. Kershner, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 65, Misc. James Barbee, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 66, Misc. Juan Supero, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 67, Misc. Thomas Gusik, a Minor, by His Father and Next
Friend, John Gusik, petitioner, v. L. C. Schilder, Warden, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 68, Misc. Frank LaSalle, petitioner, v. Wm. H. Carty, Warden,
New Jersey State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 71, Misc. Heza H. Packwood, petitioner, v. Briggs & Stratton
Corporation and Savage Arms Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 73, Misc. Jesse Stewart, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis, Warden,
Ohio Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 74, Misc. James Bolden, petitioner, v. Department of Public
Safety, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 79, Misc. Gregory Matveychuk, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 80, Misc. Ollie Carey, petitioner, v. Keeper of the Montgomery
County Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 81, Misc. Charles Maddron, petitioner, v. State of Indiana, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Saint Joseph
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 82, Misc. John Podolski, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
32
No. 83, Misc. Louis D. Ponce, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 84, Misc. Nathaniel Germany, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 85, Misc. Elizabeth Shannon, petitioner, v. Union Barge Line
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 88, Misc. John C. Pierce, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 90, Misc. John Rubino, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 92, Misc. William J. Frey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 93, Misc. Napoleon Fowler, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York, Appellate Division, Third Department, denied.
No. 94, Misc. Arthur Rivers, petitioner, v. The State of Indiana,
The Honorable Judge Pyle and Prosecutor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Saint Joseph County, Indiana, denied.
No. 96, Misc. Edward E. Mimms, petitioner, v. The State of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 97, Misc. John Kerr, Jr., petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 98, Misc. Francis Conrad Stelloh, petitioner, v. State of Wis-
consin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.
No. 100, Misc. William Giron, Albert Gonzales, Cecil Coluya, peti-
tioner, v. John Cranor, Superintendent of Washington State Peni-
tentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 103, Misc. Paul S. Wester, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 104, Misc. James Robinson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
33
No. 106, Misc. Nicholas Di Vincenzo, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 108, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. Borough of Throop, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 109, Misc. James R. Knott, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 110, Misc. Almon W. Brewer, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 28, Misc. Leonard B. Fisk, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus also denied.
No. 69, Misc. Darious Golemon, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 89, Misc. Jesse Reid, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 126, Misc. Donald Hicks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Petition for appeal
and motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also
denied.
No. 29, Misc. Sherman Albert Godwin, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden, etc., et al.;
No. 34, Misc. George D. F. Evans, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent, etc.;
No. 36, Misc. Charles E. Greer, petitioner, v. State of South
Carolina.
No. 46, Misc. Witold H. Curlanis, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden, etc.;
No. 50, Misc. George T. Jordan, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden; and
No. 64, Misc. John Whorton, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 38, Misc. Tom Collins, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1952
34
No. 95, Misc. Walter W. Port, petitioner, v. Hon. Louis E. Good-
man, District Judge; and
No. 125, Misc. Ex parte Greyvan Lines, Inc., petitioner. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 19, Misc. Angus Sanguigni, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 26, Misc. In re Ernest E. Clulow, Jr., petitioner. Application
denied.
No. 20. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v.
Robert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Caro-
lina. Reargued by Mr. O. John Rogge and Mr. Murray A. Gordon
for the petitioners and by Mr. Ralph Moody for the respondent.
No. 22. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina. Reargued
by Mr. Herman L. Taylor for the petitioner and by Mr. E. O. Brogden,
Jr., for the respondent.
No. 32. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, The Warden
of the Central Prison of the State of North Carolina at Raleigh, North
Carolina. Reargued by Mr. Hosea V. Price for the petitioner and by
Mr. R. Brookes Peters for the respondent.
No. 31. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia
County Prison. Reargument commenced by Mr. Thomas D. McBride
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 31, 3,
10, 39, 9, 11, 13, 14, 15, and 17.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1952
35
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Arthur Swanson, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Walter Melville Van
Sciver, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Will Freeman; Thomas B.
Van Poole, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles R. Fen-
wick; Thomas Thacher, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gordon
Grand, Jr.; Austin T. Walden, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Oscar H. Davis; and John Charles Houlihan, of Oakland, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Sherry Basil Myers, were admitted to practice.
No. 31. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia
County Prison. Reargument continued by Mr. Thomas D. McBride
for the petitioner and by Mr. Randolph C. Ryder for the respondent.
Leave granted to file additional briefs within one week.
No. 3. John Kedroff and Benjamin Fedchenkoff, etc., appellants, v.
Saint Nicholas Cathedral of the Russian Orthodox Church in North
America. Reargued by Mr. Philip Adler for the appellants and by
Mr. Ralph Montgomery Arkush for the appellee.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
Henning, et al. Reargued by Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioner and
by Mr. Richard H. Lee for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 39,
9, 11, 13, 14, 15, 17, 23, 18, and 16.
200218-52-8

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Lloyd J. Skedd, of Helena, Mont., Charles S. Lyon, of New York,
N. Y., and Mildred Yates Plummer, of Port Arthur, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Major Bird, of
Adrian, Mich., on motion of Mr. Francis Dennis Flanagan; Robert
J. Emery, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. H. D. Emery;
and Walter Raymond Williams, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
Conrad E. Snow, were admitted to practice.
No. 111. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 112. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Orders denying certiorari withheld pending the filing and dis-
position of petitions for rehearing on motions of counsel for petitioners.
No. 39. William Baumet et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America et al. Argued by Mr. Louis A. D'Agosto for the petitioner;
by Mr. Thomas Thacher for the respondent, Julie Peters; and by Mr.
Morton Liftin for the respondent, United States.
No. 9. Wilbur C. King et al., etc., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Argued by Mr. Lewis W. Petteway for the appel-
lants; by Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellees, United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission; and by Mr. Frank W. Gwathmey
for the appellees, Atlantic Coast Line R. R. Co. et al.
No. 11. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Act-
ing Solicitor General Stern for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 11,
13, 14, 15, 17, 23, 18, 16, 12, and 21.
✓
200218-52-―9

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1952
37
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
James Harry Johnson, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Fred Hansen; Clarence Harris Pease, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; and Thomas M. Ferrill, Jr., of Garden
City, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William E. Schuyler, Jr., were admitted
to practice.
No. 11. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Argument continued by Mr. Albert
R. Connelly for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Stern for the petitioner.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bell Aircraft
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner and
by Mr. Howard C. Westwood for the respondent.
No. 14. Robert M. Wieman, Nancy Kent Ziebur, Werner C. Baum,
et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Updegraff, the Board of Regents of the
Oklahoma Agricultural Colleges, et al. Argued by Mr. H. D. Emery
for the appellants, by Mr. Paul W. Updegraff for appellee, Paul W.
Updegraff, and by Mr. Fred Hansen for appellees, Board of Regents
of the Oklahoma Agricultural Colleges, et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 15, 17,
23, 18, 16, 12, 21, 24, 25, and 28 (and 29).
200218-52-10

1
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Boyd Tackett, of Nashville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Harold E.
Mott; William J. Lynch, of Chicago, Ill., and George J. Schaller, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles Dana Snewind; John J. Morti-
mer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne;
'Sylvan H. Elias, of New York, N. Y., and Stephen C. Vladeck, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Walter Freedman; Leo G. Black-
stock, of Austin, Tex., and Harry Vine III, of Austin, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; and Rufus King, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Gerhard Van Arkel, were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Joseph Mandoli, also known as Guiseppe Mendolia, peti-
tioner, v. Dean Acheson, Secretary of State. Argued by Mr. Jack
Wasserman for the petitioner and by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the re-
spondent.
No. 17. Kwong Hai Chew, petitioner, v. Captain Svend Colding,
Master of the SS "Sir John Franklin," and Edward J. Shaughnessy,
etc. Motion for bail submitted by Mr. Carl S. Stern for the petitioner.
Argued by Mr. Carl S. Stern for the petitioner and by Mr. John F.
Davis for the respondents.
No. 23. The City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner,
v. The Willett Company, an Illinois Corporation. Argued by Mr.
Arthur Magid for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles Dana Snewind
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 18,
16, 12, 21, 24, 25, 28 (and 29), 30, 33, and 34.
200218-52--11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Hermine Herta Meyer, of New York, N. Y., James L. Beattey, of
Indianapolis, Ind., Cassatt Martz, of Indianapolis, Ind., Dennis Ed-
wards, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Joseph Clark Wallace, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., and Stonewall H. Dyer, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; John Willard Holmes,
of Passadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. George A. Hospidor; Mar-
cellus D. Lemaire, of Taunton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph C.
Duggan; Joseph O'Leary, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Oscar
1 H. Davis; Stanley R. Tupper, of Boothbay Harbor, Maine, on motion
of Mr. Will Shafroth; E. Dixie Beggs, of Pensacola, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Benjamin Joseph Scheinman, of
Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Karl M. Dollak; Thomas W.
LeSage, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Ginsburg;
Nathan Cheney Fitts, of Wellesley, Mass., on motion of Mr. H. Fred
Martin, Jr.; Otto H. Wellensick, of Syracuse, Nebr., on motion of
Mr. Walter R. Johnson; Stephen Bienieck, of Poughkeepsie, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Willis E. Ruffner; Almon B. McCallum, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; and Henry
C. Barrett, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Raymond Coward,
were admitted to practice.
No. 126. Civil Aeronautics Board et al. v. American Air Trans-
port, Inc., et al. On certificate from the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Motion of Civil Aero-
nautics Board to send up entire record denied. Certificate dismissed.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 70. Algonquin Gas Transmission Company and Texas Eastern
Transmission Corporation, petitioners, v. Northeastern Gas Transmis-
sion Company, Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, Federal Power
Commission, et al. The motion to withhold the order denying cer-
200218-52-12

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
40
tiorari pending the filing and disposition of a petition for rehearing
is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 95. Clementin Wottle, Administrator of the Estate of Edward
Begay, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail-
way Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Dismissed pursuant to stipulation
of counsel.
No. 153. The United States of America, appellant, v. Excel Pack-
ing Company, Inc.;
No. 154. The United States of America, appellant, v. Harold F.
Brown et al.;
No. 155. The United States of America, appellant, v. Excel Pack-
ing Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 156. The United States of America, appellant, v. Excel Pack-
ing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 157. The United States of America, appellant, v. Excel Pack-
ing Company, Inc., et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court of Kansas. Dismissed on motions of counsel for appellant.
No. 230. The Radio Officers' Union of the Commercial Telegra-
phers Union, AFL., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 278. Robert Ramspeck et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trial Ex-
aminers Conference et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 287. Al Polizzi, petitioner, v. Cowles Magazines, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 301. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen & Help-
ers of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted. Case as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 230.
No. 262. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 303. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Sydney
Keith Scott, one of the Lloyds Underwriters et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit granted.
No. 178. Depew Paving Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
41
No. 232. The United States, petitioner, v. George J. Schaeffer and
Herman Robbins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 260. Harold G. Aron, petitioner, v. John W. Snyder, Secretary
of the Treasury, United States of America, Great Lakes Steel Corpo-
ration, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 272. Shell Oil Company, petitioner, v. R. O. Wilkin, Walter E.
Hocker, Jr., Martha Hocker, et al.; and
No. 297. R. O. Wilkin, Walter E. Hocker, Jr., Martha Hocker,
et al., petitioners, v. Shell Oil Company. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 276. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. George W. Donnelly. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 277. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morris
Abrams and Howard Abrams, Individually and as Co-Partners d/b/a
Curtis Key Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 280. James T. Hobbs, petitioner, v. Beulah E. Hobbs. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 281. Robert Klein, petitioner, v. Department of Registration
and Education of the State of Illinois et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 285. R. H. Johnson & Company and Rupert H. Johnson, Indi-
vidually petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission and
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 286. Holland Company, petitioner, v, American Steel Found-
ries. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 288. Chame D. Skinner and Leo C. Bradley, petitioners, v. The
Dow Chemical Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 324. Emil Ortman, as Special Administrator of the Estate of
Donna Jean Ortman, Deceased, petitioner, v. Clifford S. Smith and
Judith Smith, by Clifford S. Smith, her Guardian ad litem. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
42
No. 123. Kaiser-Frazer Corporation, petitioner, v. Otis & Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 227. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. C. W. McGhee et al., etc.;
No. 247. The United States, petitioner, v. C. W. McGhee et al., etc.;
No. 245. The United States, petitioner, v. Clyde F. Thompson, Wil-
liam Fuller, Herbert A. Bellas, et al.; and
No. 246. The United States, petitioner, v. Ernest Risling, Peter
Masten, Mary G. Dornbach, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims denied. Mr. Justice Black took
´no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 240. The Crummer Company and R. E. Crummer & Company,
petitioners, v. Jessie Ball duPont et al., as Trustees, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 267. Alton Paris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Motion
to dispense with the printing of petition and record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 271. Charlotte Wild, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Wild, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Refining Company and Cam-
den Painting Company. Petition for rehearing on petition for exten-
sion of time denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 284. Isaac Jack Barber, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 131, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. Hon. Raymond
W. Starr, U. S. District Judge, etc. Petition for writ of mandamus
dismissed on motion of petitioner.
No. 27, Misc. Antonio Padilla, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 54, Misc. Phillip C. Slusser, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 75, Misc. Robert Gene Dessauer, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
43
No. 76, Misc. Jesse Edward Kirkland, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 105, Misc. Albert R. Jackson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. William C. Niemoth, petitioner, v. The State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 112, Misc. Coles Elliott, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
· Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 113, Misc. George Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 119, Misc. Gerald C. Broussard, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
as Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla
Walla, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 120, Misc. Charles Franklin Johnson, petitioner, v. The State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 123, Misc. William Medford, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 124, Misc. William E. Geiger, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania for the Middle District denied.
No. 134, Misc. Donald Ash, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 137, Misc. Louis A. Voltz, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 139, Misc. James Joy Bishop, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 141, Misc. James W. Sprading, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 143, Misc. Thomas Joseph O'Brien, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
44
No. 149, Misc. Joseph Cossentino, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, Appellate Division, Second Department, denied.
No. 150, Misc. Woodrow Nor Woods, petitioner, v. People of State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 155, Misc. A. F. Luse, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 158, Misc. Mrs. Hattie Carney, petitioner, v. V. A. Anderson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
sissippi denied.
No. 161, Misc. In re Estate of Henrietta E. Garrett, Deceased,
Anna Gadle, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Pennsylvania for the Eastern District denied.
No. 77, Misc. Booker T. Reed, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
also denied.
No. 133, Misc. Joseph Louis Paonessa, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law (28 U. S. C. Sec.
2101 (c)).
No. 138, Misc. Everett C. Lyle, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 140, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 107, Misc. The Crummer Company and R. E. Crummer &
Company, petitioners, v. Jessie Ball duPont et al., as Trustees, etc.,
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 115, Misc. Richard L. Williams, petitioner, v. State of Ala-
bama. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 116, Misc. James Mulkey, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
Motion for leave to file an appeal denied.
No. 127, Misc. Walter Galloway, petitioner, v. U. S. District Court
for the Northern District of Indiana et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
1
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1952
45
No. 129, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 159, Misc. Eugene Schneider, petitioner, v. Dr. G. D. Tipton.
Application denied.
No. 176, Misc. Charles Kazuyuki Fujimoto, Dwight James Free-
man, Jack Wayne Hall, et al., petitioners, v. Honorable Jon Wiig,
Judge of the United States Court for the District of Hawaii. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition or mandamus denied.
Mr. Justice Black would issue a rule to show cause.
"
"
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 27, until Mon-
day, November 10, next.
No. 18. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, appellants, v. The L. A. Tucker Truck Lines, In-
corporated. Argued by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for the appellants and
by Mr. B. W. LaTourette for the appellee.
No. 16. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Caltex (Phil-
ippines), Incorporated, the Shell Company of the Philippine Islands,
Limited, et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Baldridge
for the petitioner and by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the respondents,
The Shell Co. of the Philippine Islands, Limited, et al. and by Mr. Leo
T. Kissam for the respondent, Caltex (Philippines) Inc.
No. 12. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Idaho Power
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Philip Elman for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
21, 24, 25, 28 (and 29), 30, 33, 34, 40, and 46.
A
1

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
. Jack K. Ayer, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman;
John Stipeck, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Louis M. Hopping;
Martin Gang, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M.
Brylawski; Francis Hopkinson, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Chas. J. Biddle; David Howard Hood, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. George M. Johnson; Royal Flagg Jonas, of Miami
Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. W. C. Lantaff; Norman D. Archer, of
Cristobal, Canal Zone, on motion of Mr. Thurman L. Dodson; and
Richard E. Lyon, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Leonard
S. Lyon, were admitted to practice.
No. 12. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Idaho Power
Company. Argument continued by Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr., for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. A. C. Inman for the respondent.
No. 21. United States of America, petitioner, v. Patricia J. Reyn-
olds, Phyllis Brauner, and Elizabeth Pala. Argued by Mr. Samuel
D. Slade for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles J. Biddle for the
respondents.
No. 24. The Gulf Research and Development Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Honorable Paul Leahy, United States District Judge,
et al. Argued by Mr. Leonard S. Lyon for the petitioners and by
Mr. Worthington Campbell for the respondents.
No. 25. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. C-O-Two Fire Equip-
ment Company. Argument commenced by Mr. George I. Haight for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
25, 28 (and 29), 30, 33, 34, 40, 46, and 51.
☑
!
1
200218-52-13

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Arthur N. Ziegler, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. My-
ron C. Cramer; David B. Buerger, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of
Mr. John G. Buchanan; Timothy J. Donovan, of Boston, Mass., and
John P. Clair, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Stone;
James Richard Oberly, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John F.
Donelan; James R. Regester, of Bloomington, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Miles H. Knowles; Herbert O. Reid, of Cambridge, Mass., on motion
of Mr. George M. Johnson; and Irving I. Erdheim, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. King, were admitted to practice.
No. 25. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. C-O-Two Fire Equip-
ment Company. Argument continued by Mr. George I. Haight for
the petitioner; by Mr. R. Morton Adams for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. George I. Haight for the petitioner.
No. 28. The United States of America, on the Relation of Oscar L.
Chapman, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v. The Federal Power
Commission and the Virginia Electric and Power Company; and
No. 29. The Virginia REA Association et al., petitioners, v. The
Federal Power Commission and the Virginia Electric and Power
Company. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
Gregory Hankin for the petitioner in No. 28; by Mr. Robert White-
head for the petitioner in No. 29; by Mr. Bradford Ross for the
respondent, Federal Power Commission, and by Mr. T. Justin Moore
for the respondent, Virginia Electric and Power Co.; and submitted
by Mr. Charles F. Rouse and Mr. David W. Robinson for the respond-
ent, Carolina Power & Light Co., and by Mr. Herbert B. Cohn for the
respondent, Appalachian Electric Power Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos. 30,
33, 34, 40, 46, and 51.
⋅
!
200218-52-14

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
48
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Frederic G. Stickel III, of Newark, N. J., and James J. Langan, of
Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Avrum
N. Andaiman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Robert L. Stern; Herman B. Gerringer, of New York, N. Y.,
and Robert M. Peet, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacquin
Frank; Mary C. Griffith, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Allen C.
Phelps; Edward Everett Bennett, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. James M. Souby; I. Beverly Lake, of Wake Forest, N. C., on
motion of Mr. Ralph Moody; Stuart H. Russell, of Oklahoma City,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Marion R. Garstang; Alan J. Dimond, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph Kruger; Dewey R. Roark, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George E. H. Goodner; James
H. Heffern, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Patrick J. Taft; and
Richard Maguire, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Philip Bergson,
were admitted to practice.
No. 30. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Beacon
Brass Company, Incorporated and Maurice Feinberg. Argued by
Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the appellant and by Mr. Richard Maguire
for the appellees.
No. 33. Louis K. Nathanson, Trustee, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Joseph Kruger for the petitioner
and by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner for the respondent.
No. 34. David Brock, petitioner, v. The State of North Carolina.
Argued by Mr. Robert S. Cahoon for the petitioner and by Mr. Ralph
Moody for the respondent.
No. 40. Margaret Johnson, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chat-
tels and Credits of Charles Johnson, Deceased, petitioner, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Co. Argument commenced
by Mr. Jacquin Frank for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Robert
M. Peet for the respondent.
200218-52--15

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1952
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
49
The day call for Friday, October 24, will be as follows: Nos. 40,
46 and 51.
Х

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1952
50
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John Y. Cassell, of Dallas, Tex., and Cornelius J. Peck, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L.
Stern; William Shain Megonigal, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., and
George T. Coulson, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Hugh M.
Morris; Rosario A. Graziano, of Rockford, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Adolph H. Zwerner; Pat O'Keefe Humphreys, of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. John G. Sirica; and Joseph C. Woodle, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. George R. Sherriff, were admitted to practice.
No. 40. Margaret Johnson, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chat-
tels and Credits of Charles Johnson, Deceased, petitioner, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Co. Argument concluded
by Mr. Robert M. Peet for the respondent.
No. 46. Hugh W. Sanford, petitioner, v. Robert C. Kepner.
Argued by Mr. J. Preston Swecker for the petitioner and by Mr.
Hugh M. Morris for the respondent.
No. 51. F. Donald Arrowsmith and Ruth R. Bauer, Executors,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued
by Mr. George Sherriff for the petitioners and by Miss Helen Good-
ner for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
200218-52--16
5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
51
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Herbert Aden Plummer, of Port Arthur, Tex., Violet G. Kopp,
of Los Angeles, Calif., and Carl H. Imlay, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Stanley
D. Halperin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph B. Fried-
man; K. O. Bergstrom, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Eugene E. Ditto; Frank C. Conley, of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion
of Mr. Robert Stuart Erdahl; E. Lewis Ferrell, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Horace O. Pollard; David H. Brill, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Bernard I. Nordlinger; John W. Shields, of Wick-
ford, R. I., and Mitchell K. Disney, of Derry, N. H., on motion of
Mr. Hugh Lynch, Jr.; Ned Scott Porter, of Ventura, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert Holt Myers; Wm. A. Wittman, of South Gate,
Calif., on motion of Mr. William W. Barron; and Clarence E. Todd,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher, were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bell Aircraft
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided
Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 24. The Gulf Research and Development Company et al., pe-
titioners, v. The Honorable Paul Leahy, United States District Judge,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit; and
No. 25. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. C-O-Two Fire Equip-
ment Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgments are
affirmed by an equally divided Court. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 304. Oklahoma City-Ada-Atoka Railway Company et al.,
appellants, v. State of Oklahoma et al. Appeal from the Supreme
200218-52--17

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
52
Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 321. Frank Kornfeind, Doing Business as Chicago-Nebraska
Motor Express, appellant, v. United States of America and Inter-
state Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court of Illinois, Northern District. Per Curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 205. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California and the California
Electric Power Company; and
No. 206. The County of Mineral, State of Nevada, a Political Sub-
division of the State of Nevada, petitioner, v. The Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California and the California Electric
Power Company, a Corporation. These cases ordered transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 295. Arnett M. Howard, Kenneth M. Johnson, Edward W.
Michey, et al., appellants, v. The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
of the City of Louisville et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 293. Unexcelled Chemical Corporation, Formerly Unexcelled
Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 318. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Rockaway
News Supply Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 320. Prock Stone, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 322. N. E. Pope et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Coast Line
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Georgia granted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
53
briefs and an oral argument the question whether the judgment sought
to be reviewed is final within the meaning of 28 U. S. C., Sec. 1257.
No. 233. John Burns and Lawrence Nolan, petitioners, v. Carolina
Power and Light Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 243. Sanson Hosiery Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 299. Arthur P. Jacoby, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 306. G. D. Baten, petitioner, v. Nona-Fletcher Mineral Com-
pany; and
No. 307. W. O. Bowers, Jr., and W. D. Gordon, petitioners, v.
Nona-Fletcher Mineral Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 309. R. W. Eller, Administrator of the Estate of Mit Brown,
Deceased, petitioner, v. Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Eugene Tramaglino, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 311. Agra B. Williams, petitioner, v. Protestant Episcopal
Theological Seminary in Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 312. The Borough of Little Ferry, a Municipal Corporation
of the State of New Jersey, petitioner, v. Bergen County Sewer Au-
thority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 315. United States of America, petitioner, v. Adams Packing
Association, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 316. W. C. Nabors, D/B/A W. C. Nabors Company, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Frank A. Whittington, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormick
Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 319. Roberts Dairy Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
54
No. 323. Carl R. Balduff, Raymond P. Greene, Joanne J. Greene,
petitioners, v. Ohio Turnpike Commission and Archibald J. Allen,
Secretary-Treasurer of the Ohio Turnpike Commission. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 325. Daisye B. Wooton et al., petitioners, v. G. M. McWilliams,
Trustee in Bankruptcy for F. T. Newton and Mrs. Ethel Flury New-
ton, Bankrupts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 326. The Glenn L. Martin Nebraska Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Wren L. Culkin, Glan West, Francis H. Masker, et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 327. Kinston Tobacco Board of Trade, Incorporated, et al.,
petitioner, v. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Company, a Corporation,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 313. Cecil Lee Davidson, also known as Jack Reynolds, peti-
titioner, v. United States of America. Motion to dispense with print-
ing the record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 328. Anthony A. Centracchio, petitioner, v. George F. Garrity,
United States Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 12, Misc. Donald E. Hasson, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circut
denied.
No. 70, Misc. John Edwin Byers et al., petitioners, v. Dr. Ivan W.
Steele, Warden.. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 78, Misc. Silas Theophilus Kuiken, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 91, Misc. Elmer Eugene Chronister, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 101, Misc. Charles Preston Sellers, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 121, Misc. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. Edwin
B. Swope, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
55
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 122, Misc. Joseph Marelia, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden, New Eastern State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennnylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 136, Misc. Edward Dunbar, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 142, Misc. Charles Purcilla and Timothy McLean, petitioners,
v. People of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari
-to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 144, Misc. Albert Edward Bowen, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 151, Misc. Paul B. DeBruhl, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 152, Misc. Thomas J. Banks, petitioner, v. National Organiza-
tion of Masters, Mates and Pilots of America, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 163, Misc. T. C. Callahan, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 165, Misc. Fred G. Schultz, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 170, Misc. Michael H. P. O'Dwyer, petitioner, v. State of
Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 171, Misc. Haber B. Spencer, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 174, Misc. Albert Allen, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 175, Misc. Henry Norred, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First District, denied.
No. 177, Misc. Luther Carpenter, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
"

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1952
56
No. 179, Misc. Ishmael Washington, petitioner, v. The State of
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 181, Misc. Bernie A. Beason, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 186, Misc. Clark Campbell, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 118, Misc. Charles DuBois, petitioner, v. Clifford Mossey and
the State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
would grant certiorari and reverse this judgment on the ground that
petitioner has been denied a trial by jury which the Seventh Amend-
ment to the Constitution is intended to guarantee.
No. 132, Misc. In the Matter of the Complaint of Edmond C.
Fletcher;
No. 166, Misc. In the Matter of the Complaint of Edmond C.
Fletcher; and
No. 167, Misc. In the Matter of the Complaint of Edmond C.
Fletcher. The papers herein are stricken. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 146, Misc. Arthur Drexel, petitioner, v. State of Ohio et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 156, Misc. Frederic Williams, petitioner, v. G. W. Humphrey,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 160, Misc. Haywood Starnes, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther M.
Swygert, Judge, U. S. District Court, etc. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
37, 38, 41, 79, 80, 43, 44, 27, 42, and 26 (35 and 36).
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
57
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Oscar S. Burrows, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Acting Solici-
tor Robert L. Stern; V. F. Taylor, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Homer Thornberry; Malcolm R. Wilkey, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Paul D. Page, Jr.; Russell E. Dougherty, of Louisville, Ky.,
Joe L. Dukes, of Paden, Okla., and Francis R. Coogan, of Everett,.
Mass., on motion of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; Carlos R. Minor, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Preston C. King, Jr.; James E.
Blower, of Vienna, Va., on motion of Mr. George Sipkin; B. Dabney
Fox, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank D. Reeves; Wilbur
H. Hecht, of New York, N. Y., Walter B. Hall, of Verona, N. J., and
Norman M. Barron, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
Franklin Fort; Robert L. Bryant, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr.
Walton H. Hamilton; Paul Atlee Walker, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Paul Atlee Walker; William John Quinn, of St. Paul,
Minn., on motion of Mr. William H. Parsons; Michael George Em-
manuel, of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Heald; Kenneth
H. Murray, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. J. Robert Carey;
Albert Melvin Colman, of Detroit, Mich., and Nathan S. Silverberg,
of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nathan L. Silberberg; Leonard B.
Sussholz, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Jacob Halper;
Richard Kenneth Cooper, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Jesse Bow-
man Mann; Melvin L. Bong, of Buffalo, N. Y., and Laurence J. Olm-
sted, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles E. McGee; Charles H.
Slayman, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Phineas Indritz;
David R. Lessler, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Walter E.
Gallagher; and William S. Lott, of Georgetown, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Allen Crenshaw, were admitted to practice.
No. 30. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Beacon
Brass Company, Incorporated, and Maurice Feinberg. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.
Judgment reversed and case remanded for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black.
200218-52--18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
58
No. 18. The United States of America and the Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The L. A. Tucker Truck Lines, Incorpo-
rated. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Missouri. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
District Court for determination on the merits. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 12. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Idaho Power
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Jus-
tice Burton and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 33. Louis K. Nathanson, Trustee, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 51. F. Donald Arrowsmith and Ruth R. Bauer, Executors, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 46. Hugh W. Sanford, petitioner, v. Robert C. Kepner. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 7. Harry Gordon, Officer in Charge, Immigration and Natural-
ization Service, Department of Justice, petitioner, v. Knut Einar
Heikkinen. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Court
of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court
with directions to dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus upon
the ground that the cause is moot.
1
1

F
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
59
No. 335. Ashton Power Wrecker Equipment Company, Incorpo-
rated, a Michigan Corporation, appellant, v. The State of Michigan
and the Department of Revenue of the State of Michigan. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the
application therefor was not made within the time provided by law.
28 U. S. C. Sec. 2101 (c).
No. 343. City of Atlanta, appellant, v. Paul Anglin, Sr., Fred J.
Bowen, W. M. Callaway, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Georgia. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the ap-
. peal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 353. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 358. Copperweld Steel Company and Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company, appellants, v. The United States of America and
Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted and the case set down for argument.
No. 387. Grafton Mahoney, appellant, v. The Parole Board of the
State of New Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 128, Misc. Clarence Howard Vetterli, petitioner, v. United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted and the
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court
of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court
for resentencing without taking into consideration defendant's failure
to testify.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 6, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. The report of the Special Master dated October
14, 1952, is received and ordered filed. Exceptions, if any, to the Re-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
60
port of the Special Master may be filed by the parties on or before
January 9, 1953. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. The motion for
leave to file brief of the American Federation of Teachers as amicus
curiae is denied.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger. The motion of James W. Penn and others for leave to
´appear and present oral argument as amici curiae is denied.
No. 238. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gamble
Enterprises, Inc. The motion of Local No. 24, American Federation
of Musicians, for leave to intervene is denied.
No. 330. Esso Standard Oil Company, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
Tennessee, et al.; and
No. 378. The United States of America, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
Tennessee, et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The
cases are consolidated for argument, each side to be allowed one hour.
No. 340. William B. Fowler, appellant, v. State of Rhode Island.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 341. William Poulos, appellant, v. The State of New Hamp-
shire. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed
to the hearing of the case on the merits and the case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 374. The Times-Picayune Publishing Company et al., appel-
lants, v. United States of America; and
No. 375. United States of America, appellant, v. The Times-Pica-
yune Publishing Company et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted. The cases are consolidated for argument, each side to be
allowed one hour.
No. 384. William Albertson and the Communist Party of the State
of Michigan, a Voluntary, Unincorporated Association, appellants,
v. Frank G. Millard, Attorney General of the State of Michigan,
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
1
1
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
61
No. 413. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Mel-
vin Sharpe et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is granted
and the case is assigned for argument immediately following No.
191.
No. 86, Misc. Stanley J. Orloff, petitioner, v. Colonel Rex E. Wil-
loughby, Commandant of Fort Lawton, Seattle, Washington. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the appel-
late docket. The motion for leave to file brief of Committee to Pre-
vent Abuse of Doctors' Draft Act as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 292. Geotechnical Corporation of Delaware, petitioner, v. The
Pure Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
W. D. Pidd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 329. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 332. Central Cuba Sugar Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 333. Irene Nunnery Theriot, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 334. Samuel James Gasway, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 337. Western Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 338. A. M. Collins and Company, a Partnership, and Mariscos
de Panama, S. A., petitioners, v. The Panama Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 339. Monticello Tobacco Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
American Tobacco Company, American Suppliers, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 345. Albert G. Dickinson, petitioner, v. E. Lewis Burnham and
James A. Vaughan, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
200218-52--19

i
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
62
No. 346. Charles Peckat Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
John T. Jarecki. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 349. Jennie B. Downey, petitioner, v. Herbert Beck. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 350. The People of Puerto Rico, now the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Cementerio Buxeda, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit denied.
. No. 351. United Construction Workers, Affiliated with United
Mine Workers of America, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
1 Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 352. James Marpes, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 355. Claude Vernon Cooper, petitioner, v. Elizabeth D. Cooper.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 356. Noah J. LaReau, Administrator De Bonis Non, in the
Probate Court of Cook County, Illinois, of the Estate of Ralph D.
Schellenberger, Deceased, petitioner, v. Billie P. Jones, Formerly
Billie P. Schellenberger, Administratrix of the Estate of Ralph D.
Schellenberger, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 359. Eunice Rice Milling Company, petitioner, v. Employers
Mutual Liability Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 360. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
William C. Chance. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 361. Stanley A. Jonikas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 362. Nancy Ann Storybook Dolls, Inc., petitioner, v. Dollcraft
Company, a Corporation, Lester F. Hinz and Robert E. Kerr. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 363. John Donald Walker, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

,
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
63
No. 369. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gladys E.
McConville, Administratrix of the Goods, etc., of Frank J. McCon-
ville, Deceased, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 372. Lewis H. Rice et al., petitioners, v. W. L. Sayers et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 283. Morris Gordon, petitioner, v. Miriam Gordon. Motion to
dispense with printing the record granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 298. Zephyr Aircraft Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 331. Otis Hines, petitioner, v. City of Maysville. Motion to
dispense with printing record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 342. William R. Davena, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 344. James Marr, Doing Business as Marr Duplicator Com-
pany, petitioner, v. A. B. Dick Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 347. D. E. Miller, petitioner, v. E. I. duPont de Nemours &
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 70. Algonquin Gas Transmission Company and Texas Eastern
Transmission Corporation, petitioners, v. Northeastern Gas Transmis-
sion Company, Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, Federal Power
Commission, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 73. H. B. Zachry Company, petitioner, v. T. N. Terry;
No. 83. Leo Lichtenstein et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission;
No. 91. 58th Street Plaza Theatre, Inc., and Jeanette Brecher, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 96. James Monroe Jefferson, appellant, v. Chronicle Publishing
Company; and
No. 254. Charles E. White, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petitions for rehearing denied.

.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
64
No. 207. Division 26 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America et al., ap-
pellants, v. The City of Detroit, a Municipal Corporation, etc., et al.
Motions for leave to file briefs of American Federation of Labor and
Congress of Industrial Organizations as amici curiae denied. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 503, Misc. October Term, 1951. George Hewlett, petitioner, v.
People of the State of California. Motion for extension of time to file
brief in support of a second petition for rehearing and motion for
leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
- No. 10, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc.;
No. 54, Misc. Phillip C. Slusser, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al.;
No. 62, Misc. Annie Mary Timmons, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 69, Misc. Darious Golemon, petitioner, v. State of Texas;
No. 71, Misc. Heza H. Packwood, petitioner, v. Briggs & Stratton
Corporation and Savage Arms Corporation; and
No. 108, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. Borough of Throop et
al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 114, Misc. Paul Dudley Alexander, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 130, Misc. Carl Close, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 145, Misc. Guiseppe Pizzo, Administrator of the Estate of
Lawrence Adam Pizzo, petitioner, v. Geotechnical Corporation of
Delaware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 148, Misc. Lee Salvaggio, petitioner, v. Betty James Salvaggio
Barnett and Robert Barnett. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, First Judicial District, denied.
No. 154, Misc. Maurine D. Hayslip, petitioner, v. The Report of the
Grand Jury of Shelby County, Tennessee. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle Division, denied.
No. 162, Misc. Robert E. Scott, Charles R. Jones, and Thomas W.
Johnson, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 169, Misc. James Lane Kendall, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals of California, Second Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
65
No. 172, Misc. Cyril Melvin Berg, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 173, Misc. Joseph G. Lewis, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 180, Misc. Claude Bashaw, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 183, Misc. Edward Okulczyk, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 185, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 189, Misc. Willie L. Henderson, petitioner, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 190, Misc. Harold F. Schwiem, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 191, Misc. Henry D. Priestly, petitioner, v. Jesse M. Donald-
son, as Postmaster, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 193, Misc. George F. Sholter, petitioner, v. J. W. Claudy,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 197, Misc. Thomas Skelly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 200, Misc. Theodore W. Thomas, petitioner, v. People of State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 202, Misc. Ernest E. Bayne, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 157, Misc. James Newman, petitioner, v. Percy I. Lowery et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law, 28 U. S. C., Sec. 2101 (c).
No. 192, Misc. Michael Carengella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
200218-52-19

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1952
66
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied for the reason that appli-
cation therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Rule
37 (b) (2) of the Rules of Criminal Procedure.
No. 182, Misc. Harry Gordon Geach, petitioner, v. Chief Justice of
Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 184, Misc. Joseph Dutton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Application denied.
No. 201, Misc. Jack J. Blume, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 242. Vernie Bailess, County Treasurer, Caddo County, Okla-
homa, et al., petitioners, v. Juana Paukune. Submitted by Mr. R. L.
Lawrence and Mr. R. F. Barry for the petitioners and by Mr. Reford
Bond for the respondent.
No. 37. Lloyd A. Fry Roofing Company, petitioner, v. Scott Wood
et al., as Arkansas Public Service Commission. Argued by Mr. Glenn
M. Elliott for the petitioner and submitted by Mr. John R. Thompson
and Mr. Eugene R. Warren for the respondents. Leave granted peti-
tioner to file reply brief within the week.
No. 38. Sidney Steele et al., petitioners, v. Bulova Watch Company,
Inc. Argued by Mr. Wilbur L. Matthews for the petitioners and by
Mr. Marx Leva for the respondent.
Adjourned until Wednesday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
41, 79, 80, 43, 44, 27, 42, 26, 35 (and 36), and 47.
☑
.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1952
67
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Wayne C. Durham, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr.
Harold S. Shertz; Karl E. Weise, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Paul Kern Hirsch; C. Farris Bryant, of Ocala, Fla., on motion
of Mr. William Paul Shelley, Jr.; Milton W. Lamproplos, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., and George Means Heinitsh, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. David B. Buerger; William W. Koontz, of Alexandria,
Va., and Eastham Waller Dudley, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of
Mr. Armistead L. Boothe; Marvin W. Ludington, of Linden, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. George E. Mickel; Reuben M. Ginsberg, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Maury Hughes; and Henry Wade, of Dallas,
Tex., and Ray L. Stokes, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Acting
Solicitor General Robert L. Stern, were admitted to practice.
No. 41. Thomas Schwartz, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Leave
granted Calvin B. Garwood, Jr., to appear and present oral argument
for the respondent, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Henry Wade.
No. 41. Thomas Schwartz, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Maury Hughes for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Henry Wade for the respondent and by Mr. Calvin B.
Garwood, Jr., for the respondent, pro hac vice, by special leave of
Court and concluded by Mr. Reuben M. Ginsberg for the petitioner.
No. 79. Martha L. Alison v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Karl E. Weise for Martha L. Allison and Mr. Hilbert
P. Zarky for the United States of America.
No. 80. The United States of America v. Stevenson-Chislett, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the United States of America
and by Mr. David B. Buerger for Stevenson-Chislett, Inc.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 43,
44, 27, 42, 26, 35 (and 36), 47, 53, 238, and 85.
☑
200218-52--20

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Donald H. Ford, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Dwight
D. Taylor; Joseph Luchini, of Beckley, W. Va., on motion of Mr.
Carlton Custer Sanders; Robert F. McConnell, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas H. King; Wood R. Worsley, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Edwin Jason Dryer; Peter Frederick
Snyder, of Washington, D. C., and Ira M. Lowe, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. William J. Klima; Norman St. Landau, of New
Brunswick, N. J., on motion of Mr. George Raymond Jones; and
Robert Gordon Slick, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
James M. Graves, were admitted to practice.
No. 43. Montgomery Building and Construction Trades Council
et al., petitioners, v. Ledbetter Erection Company, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the petitioners and by Mr. Mozart G.
Ratner for the National Labor Relations Board as amicus curiae by
special leave of Court and by Mr. Jack Crenshaw for the respondent.
No. 44. Public Service Commission of Utah, Hal S. Bennett, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, a Corporation. Mo-
tion to substitute Donald Hacking as a party petitioner in place and
stead of W. R. McEntire, deceased, submitted by Mr. Wood R. Worsley
in that behalf. Argued by Mr. Wood R. Worsley for the petitioners
and by Mr. Harold S. Shertz and Mr. Wayne C. Durham for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos. 27,
42, 26, 35 (and 36), 47, 53, 238, and 85.
200218-52-21
1
"
"
'

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
- John Charles O'Connor, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Philip E. Grey, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Peter G. Jacobsen, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; William V. Richards, Jr.,
of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William Wesley Roberts, Jr.;
Herbert Baker, of Columbus, Ohio, and Noel F. George, of Columbus,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harry E. Boot; Edward Kendall Wheeler,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. B. K. Wheeler; William S.
Stanley, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. A. O. Stanley; E. Neil
Rogers, of Richmond, Va., and Edward Emerson Lane, of Richmond,
Va., on motion of Mr. Dale C. Dillon; Arthur Curtis Hurt, Jr., of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard L. Tedrow; Oscar W.
Adams, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. George M. John-
son; Sidney Schulman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Philip
Werner Amram; Clinton B. D. Brown, of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Edward H. Hickey; Richard E. Elwell, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. James J. Lenihan; Livingston Hall, of Cam-
bridge, Mass., on motion of Mr. Archibald Cox; Louis Fieldman, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Milton Dunn; Frankie Muse Free-
man, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Miss Marjorie A. McKenzie; and
James Finley Quine, Jr., of Colorado Springs, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Allen C. Phelps, were admitted to practice.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
Henning et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton concurring in part and dissenting in part in which
the Chief Justice joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
200218-52- -22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
70
No. 39. William Baumet et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part.
No. 40. Margaret Johnson, as Administratrix of the Goods,
Chattels and Credits of Charles Johnson, Deceased, petitioner, v. The
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Co. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals vacated with costs and case re-
manded to that Court for further proceedings consistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr.
Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton join. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 100. Joseph M. Sweeney, as Sheriff of Cuyahoga County,
Ohio, petitioner, v. Robert Woodall, a. k. a. Frank Woodall. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment of Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio for proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 77. W. J. Dillner Transfer Co., appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission and U. S. A. C. Trans-
port, Inc. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Western District of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: Judgment affirmed.
United States v. Tucker Truck Lines, No. 18, October Term, 1952,
decided November 10, 1952.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
71
No. 44. Public Service Commission of Utah, Hal S. Bennett, et al.,
petitioners, v. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, a Corporation. The
motion to substitute Donald Hacking as a party petitioner in the place
and stead of W. R. McEntire, deceased, is granted.
No. 113. Roy Webber Tinder, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. It is ordered that William W. Koontz, Esq., of Alexan-
dria, Va., a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve
as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 244. Leona Anderson May, appellant, v. Owen Anderson. The
motion of appellant to proceed on the typewritten record is granted.
No. 52. John Terry et al., petitioners, v. A. J. Adams et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 368. The De La Rama Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted
limited to the question of the jurisdiction of the District Court and
the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 185. Seth M. Milliken, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 210. Duveen Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 364. United Mine Workers of America, District 31, and Locals
Nos. 4050, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 366. Frank Verderber, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 367. Springfield Institution for Savings, The Cape Cod Five
Cents Savings Bank, et al., petitioners, v. Worcester Federal Savings
and Loan Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 370. John Tisneros, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 377. Oyster Shell Products Corporation, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 111. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
72
No. 112. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to file brief of Dr. W. E. B. Dubois and others
as amici curiae denied. Petitions for rehearing denied. Memorandum
filed by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in No. 111. Mr. Justice Black ad-
heres to his view that the petitions for certiorari should be granted.
No. 137. Burlington County Bridge Commission et al., petitioners,
v. Alfred E. Driscoll, Governor of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 184. Richard C. Nongard et al., Individually and as Partners
Trading as Ketcham and Nongard, et al., petitioners, v. Alfred E.
Driscoll, Governor of the State of New Jersey, et al.; and
No. 188. Robert K. Bell, petitioner, v. Alfred E. Driscoll, Gov-
ernor of the State of New Jersey, et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 174. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General's Office, Depart-
ment of Justice, Washington, D. C., appellant, v. National Association
of Manufacturers of the United States of America and Kenneth R.
Miller. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr.
Justice Jackson are of the opinion the petition should be granted.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 148. Tide Water Associated Oil Company, appellant, v. L. G.
Robison, on behalf of Local 445, Oil Workers International Union;
No. 189. Mary Ella Harris, petitioner, v. Sadie Beatrice Harris;
No. 192. George H. Taylor, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky;
No. 201. Fred Slenker and Elizabeth Slenker, petitioners, v. Grand
Lodge of the State of Illinois of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows;
No. 260. Harold G. Aron, petitioner, v. John W. Snyder, Secretary
of the Treasury, United States of America, Great Lakes Steel Cor-
poration, et al.;
No. 267. Alton Paris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas;
No. 272. Shell Oil Company, petitioner, v. R. O. Wilkin, Walter
E. Hocker, Jr., Martha Hocker, et al.;
No. 326. The Glenn L. Martin Nebraska Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Wren L. Culkin, Glan West, Francis H. Masker, et al.,
etc.;
No. 82, Misc. John Podolski, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 116, Misc. James Mulkey, petitioner, v. State of Michigan; and
No. 158, Misc. Mrs. Hattie Carney, petitioner, v. V. A. Anderson
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
>
"
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
73
No. 4, Misc. Edward Grass, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 87, Misc. Gordon Nelson Rolland, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 99, Misc. Jonsey E. Duncan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
´No. 147, Misc. John Henry Miller, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 164, Misc. Joe Doe Felornia, Slim Cowboy, et al., petitioners,
v. W. R. Young, John D. Rogers, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 168, Misc. Jodie Bailey, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia denied.
No. 178, Misc. George P. Tartar, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 194, Misc. John D. Green, also known as Jack D. Green, peti-
tioner, v. Walter A. Gordon, Ervis W. Lester, and Charles W. Dullea.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 195, Misc. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Leavenworth State
Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 198, Misc. George H. Houston, petitioner, v. Superior Court in
and for the County of Butte, California. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 203, Misc. Elza Lee Estes, petitioner, v. State of California
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 207, Misc. Leroy Petroski, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 208, Misc. Anthony Sparacino, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
74
No. 209, Misc. Jerome Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 210, Misc. Frank R. Mell, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 135, Misc. Steve Chorak and Emma Chorak, petitioners, v.
RKO et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Jus-
tice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari
should be granted.
No. 187, Misc. Clarence Bertrand, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, Illinois, denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C. 2101 (c).
No. 206, Misc. Bert M. Chapman, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 188, Misc. Frank E. Fleck, petitioner, v. Edwin B. Swope,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 24, until
Monday, December 8 next.
"
No. 27. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ira D. Cardiff.
Argued by Mr. James L. Morrisson for the petitioner and by Mr. John
Lichty for the respondent.
No. 42. F. W. Woolworth Company, petitioner, v. Contemporary
Arts, Inc. Argued by Mr. Kenneth W. Greenawalt for the petitioner
and by Mr. Cedric W. Porter for the respondent.
No. 26. The American Trucking Associations, Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission et al.;
No. 35. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission et al.;
and
No. 36. The Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
Yes

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1952
75
mission et al. Four hours allowed for argument of the cases. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Harry E. Boot for the appellants in No. 26.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos. 26
(35 and 36), 47, 53, 238, and 85.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
76
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Tom B. Hembree, of Stockton, Mo., Marion F. Thurston, Jr., of
Columbia, Mo., and William R. Cohen, of Newark, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Wm. H. Churchwell; John M. Aherne, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Abner H. Ferguson; Arthur D. Holzman, of Brook-
line, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph T. Marioriello; William Simpson
Campbell, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. O. R. McGuire; Malcolm
Scott McCorquodale, of Houston, Tex., and Vernon Elledge, of Hous-
ton, Tex., on motion of Mr. John C. White, were admitted to practice.
No. 26. The American Trucking Associations, Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission et al.;
No. 35. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, and Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al.; and
No. 36. The Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission et al. Argument continued by Mr. Harry E. Boot for
the appellants in No. 26; by Mr. Howell Ellis for the appellants in
No. 35; by Mr. Neil Brooks for the appellant in No. 36; by Mr.
Wilbur M. Brucker for the appellants in No. 26; by Mr. Ralph S.
Spritzer for the appellees, United States and Interstate Commerce
Commission; by Mr. Burton K. Wheeler for the appellee, Teamsters
Union; by Mr. Carl Helmetag, Jr., for the appellees, Intervening
Railroads; by Mr. Franklin R. Overmyer for the appellees, Chicago
Suburban Motor Carriers Association et al.; and concluded by Mr.
Howell Ellis for the appellants in No. 35.
No. 47. The United States of America, appellant, v. Universal
C. I. T. Credit Corporation, George P. Neal, Frank E. Wolfe, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
47, 53, 238, and 85.
☑
200218-52-23
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
George Cabell Busick, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Adrien
F. Busick; William Joseph Burrows, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Leo A. Rover; Shirley Malach, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Miles H. Knowles; Frank C. Heath, of Cleveland, Ohio,
and John S. Walker, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Sturgis
Warner; and John G. McQuaid, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Samuel Walter Ross Langdon, were admitted to practice.
No. 47. The United States of America, appellant, v. Universal
C. I. T. Credit Corporation, George P. Neal, Frank E. Wolfexx, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant and by
Mr. Melbourne Bergerman for the appellees and concluded by Mr.
John F. Davis for the appellant.
No. 53. American Newspaper Publishers Association, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Elisha Hanson
for the petitioner and by Mr. Bernard Dunau for the respondent.
No. 238. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gamble
Enterprises, Inc. Argued by Mr. Bernard Dunau for the petitioner
and by Mr. Frank C. Heath for the respondent.
No. 85. Isidore Edelman, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Argued by Mr. Emanuel Redfield for the petitioner and by
Mr. Philip E. Grey for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
200218-52-―24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Mary Kipp Nicholson, of Washington, D. C., C. Edward Nichol-
son, Jr., of Washington, D. C., and John H. Davitt, of Fall River,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern;
Daniel Michael Moyer, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Will
Shafroth; Sam Weiss, of Perth Amboy, N. J., on motion of Mr. Irvin
H. Rimel; E. M. Brannon, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Bernays Wiener; Thomas M. Brew, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. James Francis Reilly; Marvin Balch, of Holden-
ville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Bert E. Johnson; John C. Jacobs, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Philip Bransfield Brown; John Har-
rison Boyles, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Orville H. Wal-
burn; John Colerick Berghoff, of Chicago, Ill., and J. Wesley T.
Blades, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Earl G. Spiker; Harry D.
Graham, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Eugene Mecham;
John Henry Benckenstein, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Thomas B. Van Poole, Jr.; J. Edgar Snider, of Louisville, Ky., on
motion of Mr. J. Darwin Bond; George S. Cook, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Edmund L. Jones; Evans Vaughan Brewster, of
White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sutherland G. Taylor 3d; Huy-
ler E. Romond, of Perth Amboy, N. J., on motion of Mr. Ralph E.
Becker; Michiro Watanabe, of Honolulu, T. H., on motion of Mr.
Irvin William Silverman; James Canada Morris, of Kansas City,
Mo., on motion of Mr. William Caverly; Timothy R. Veal, of St.
Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Belford Vance Lawson, Jr.; and David
P. H. Watson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James M. Esta-
brook, were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Joseph Mandoli, also known as Guiseppe Mendolia, peti-
tioner, v. Dean Acheson, Secretary of State, On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia with
directions to enter an order declaring that the petitioner is a citizen
200218-52-25
"
"
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1952
79
of the United States. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, and Mr. Justice Clark concur.
No. 3. John Kedroff and Benjamin Fedchenkoff, as Archbishop,
etc., appellants, v. Saint Nicholas Cathedral of the Russian Orthodox
Church in North America. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York. Decree of the Court of Appeals of New York reversed
with costs and case remanded to that Court for such further action
as it deems proper and not in contravention of the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black agrees with the opinion of
Mr. Justice Frankfurter on the basis of his view that the Fourteenth
Amendment makes the First Amendment applicable to the States.
Mr. Justice Douglas, while concurring in the opinion of the Court,
also joins in the opinion of Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 8. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Kansas. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson requesting the State of Kansas to present its views at
the oral argument. If the State does not desire to appear the At-
torney General of Kansas is requested to advise whether the State's
default shall be construed as a concession that the Kansas statute
involved is invalid.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 408. Penn-Dixie Cement Corporation, appellant, v. J. M.
Dickinson, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of Tennessee, et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 302. Claiborne Dameron, petitioner, v. A. S. Brodhead, Man-
ager of Revenue and Ex Officio Treasurer of the City and County of
Denver. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Colorado is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
พ

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1952
80
No. 448. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H.
Shallcross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by Her
Guardian ad litem, Ethel Belton et al. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware is granted. The motion
of respondents to advance is granted and the case is advanced and
assigned for argument immediately following No. 413. Brief for
petitioners is to be filed not later than three weeks after argument.
No. 300. Charles F. Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture of the
United States, petitioner, v. Charles Kass, Individually and Trading
as Babylon Milk and Cream Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 314. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Acting
Housing Expediter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 381. American President Lines, Limited, petitioner, v. Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, Department of Justice, United
States of America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 383. C-O-Two Fire Equipment Company and Maynard A.
Laswell, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 385. Western New York Water Company and New York Water
Service Corporation, petitioners, v. Erie County Water Authority.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 397. R. H. Ernest, Trustee in Bankruptcy for National Petro-
leum Reserves Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Riverview State
Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 398. Local 333B, United Marine Division of International
Longshoremen's Association (A. F. L.), et al., petitioners, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia, at the Relation of Virginia Ferry Corp.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 373. Aaron Kemble, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
he

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1952
81
No. 400. Interstate Commerce Commission, The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this applicaton.
No. 177. Arthur G. Gage, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 311. Agra B. Williams, petitioner, v. Protestant Episcopal
Theological Seminary in Virginia;
No. 317. Frank A. Whittington, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormick
Lines, Inc.; and
No. 140, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 153, Misc. Jesus Lopez, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas,
denied.
No. 205, Misc. Frederick Ray Johnson, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 214, Misc. Harry Bowman, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 216, Misc. James Malone, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 218, Misc. Amos Arthur Dale, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 219, Misc. John Ellis, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 220, Misc. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Application denied.
No. 237, Misc. Eric G. Kaufman and Aenni C. Kaufman, peti-
tioners, v. Hon. David A. Pine, Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1952
82
No. 243, Misc. Steve Nelson, Benjamin L. Careathers, William
Albertson et al., petitioners, v. Hon. William Alvah Stewart, Judge,
U. S. District Court, etc., et al. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of prohibition or mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 8, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 60,
75, 86, 66, 8, 101, 191, 413, 448, and 87.
☑
**
彩

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
83
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Mr. Attorney General McGranery presented the Honorable Walter
J. Cummings, Jr., of Illinois, Solicitor General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Solicitor General, the Court welcomes you to the performance
of the important duty with which you are specially charged―the duty
of representing the Government at the Bar of this Court in all cases
in which it asserts an interest. Your commission will be recorded by
the Clerk."
Richard C. Machcinski, of New York, N. Y., and Edwin Weiss, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert Zelenko; John Kerns
Bennett, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern;
William B. Cozad, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. James L.
Morrisson; Felix A. Raymer, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. John
C. White; Francis R. Foley, of Pawtucket, R. I., on motion of Mr.
Thomas G. Corcoran; Frederick W. Eisner, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Sidney B. Jacoby; Robert T. Creasey, of Dallas, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Ray R. Murdock; Louis L. Rosen, of New Orleans,
La., on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Van Poole, Jr.; George J. Kuehnl,
of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian; Arthur
Sherman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nathan J. Paulson;
David H. Thomas, of East Palestine, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Bert E.
Johnson; Jas. A. Vaughan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Robert H. Shields; Jack Greenberg, of New York, N. Y., Charles S.
Scott, of Topeka, Kans., U. Simpson Tate, of Dallas, Tex., and Reuben
E. Lawson, of Roanoke, Va., on motion of Mr. Thurgood Marshall;
Joseph D. Mansfield, of Yuma, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Hoyt G. Irving;
Raymond J. Consley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James
Coates Lear; Lucille M. Gannon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Harry A. Poth; Aubrey E. Robinson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Belford Vance Lawson, Jr.; Edward S. Macie, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James A. Glenn; Walter G. Danielson,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John O. Dahlgren; and Irving
Ferman, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Phineas Indritz, were
admitted to practice.
200218-52-26

H
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
84
No. 43. Montgomery Building & Construction Trades Council et al.,
petitioners, v. Ledbetter Erection Company, Inc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Writ of
certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 242. Vernie Bailess, County Treasurer, Caddo County, Okla-
homa, et al., petitioners, v. Juana Paukune. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 27. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ira D. Cardiff.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jack-
son concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Burton dissents.
No. 37. Lloyd A. Fry Roofing Company, petitioner, v. Scott Wood
et al., as Arkansas Public Service Commission. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Burton,
and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 79. Martha L. Alison, v. The United of America; and
No. 80. The United States of America, v. Stevenson-Chislett, Inc.
On certificates from the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment of the United States District Court for the West-
ern District of Pennsylvania in No. 79 reversed and case remanded
to that court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Judgment of the United States District Court for the West-
ern District of Pennsylvania in No. 80 affirmed and case remanded to
the District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 4. Charles Augustus Dixon, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, San Quentin Prison. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Judgment of the Supreme Court
of California vacated and case remanded to that court for further
proceedings. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 16. The United States, petitioner, v. Caltex (Philippines), In-
corporated, The Shell Company of Philippine Islands, Limited, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judg-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
85
ment reversed and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
´ No. 426. William Heikkila, appellant, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of the Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service for the Thirteenth Immigration District, et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 290. Ernest A. Watson and M. Gladys Watson, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 296. Alstate Construction Company, petitioner, v. Maurice J.
Tobin, Secretary of the United States Department of Labor. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 410. Adam Thomas, petitioner, v. Hempt Brothers, a Partner-
ship. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 89. Automatic Canteen Company of America, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. The motion for leave to file brief of
National Candy Wholesalers Association, Inc., as amicus curiae is
denied.
No. 382. Flaviana Tan, Widow of Aniceto Bernal, in Her Own
Right, and as Natural Guardian of Her Minor Children, Jose Bernal,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 386. Francisca De Guia, Beatriz B. Palmares, Paulino
Lorenzo and Raymundo F. Navarro, petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 388. United Fruit Company, petitioner, v. W. E. Hedger
Transportation Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 389. Alvah Hovey Weathers, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 399. In re: Joseph F. Vitari, petitioner. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.

i
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
86
No. 402. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Thomas P. Lesesne. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 403. George Schmidt, petitioner, v. United States of America
and Tucker Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 412. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Catholic Education
Press, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
- No. 414. United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of Amer-
ica-UE and Local 115-F, et al., petitioners, v. The Oliver Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 416. Grover Glen Goe, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 417. Westwood Pharmacal Corporation and Foster-Milburn
Company, petitioners, v. John Fielding, Jr., and Dolph Oberfel.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 418. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Ove E. Erick-
sen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 419. The United Brick & Clay Workers of America and the
American Federation of Labor, petitioners, v. Deena Artware, Incor-
porated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 424. Otto Boortz, petitioner, v. American Motorist Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 433. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Joseph J. Purvis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 354. Carl E. Brown and Paul C. Brown, a Co-Partnership,
and California Compensation Insurance Company, petitioners, v. The
Industrial Accident Commission of the State of California et al.
Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 376. Peter B. Olney, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson are of the opinion certiorari

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
87
should be granted. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 24. The Gulf Research and Development Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Honorable Paul Leahy, United States District Judge,
et al.; and
No. 25. Cardox Corporation, petitioner, v. C-O-Two Fire Equip-
ment Company. Petitions for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 51. F. Donald Arrowsmith and Ruth R. Bauer, Executors, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 241. Motors Insurance Corporation, the Avondale Motor Car
Company et al., appellants, v. Walter A. Robinson, as Superintendent
of Insurance of Ohio, et al.;
No. 329. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 353. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al.;
No. 358. Copperweld Steel Company and Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company, appellants, v. The United States of America and In-
terstate Commerce Commission; and
No. 173, Misc. Joseph G. Lewis, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 213, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 215, Misc. Thomas Lee Griffin, petitioner, v. State of Washing-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 221, Misc. Houston Collins, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 222, Misc. Edwin J. Del’Marmol, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 225, Misc. Henry E. Hansen, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
88
No. 226, Misc. Michael R. Simon, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee,
et. al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 227, Misc. William Tillman, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 228, Misc. Charles Shields, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 230, Misc. Alexander St. John, petitioner, v. Bert Rednour,
Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 231, Misc. Carl Thomas, petitioner, v. Frank G. Millard, Attor-
ney General of the State of Michigan, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 232, Misc. Wallace Thompson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 234, Misc. Bert Eddy, petitioner, v. State of Michigan, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 236, Misc. George Harris, petitioner, v. State of Texas, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 240, Misc. Francis Michael Murphy, petitioner, v. People of
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 241, Misc. Albert Mulvey, petitioner, v. Emery E. Jacques,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 244, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 217, Misc. John V. Green, petitioner, v. George J. Bott, Gen-
eral Counsel, National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law (28 U. S. C. 2101 (c)).
No. 211, Misc. Alfredo Lizzi, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden; and
}

89
W
MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1952
No. 223, Misc. Clarence Dunlap, petitioner, v. William F. Steiner,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 212, Misc. William H. Graham, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden, etc., et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus denied.
No. 60. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Charles E. O'Rourke. Argued by Mr. John Vance Hewitt for the
petitioner and by Mr. Richard C. Machcinski for the respondent.
No. 75. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Motion Picture
Advertising Service Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. James L. Morris-
son for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis L. Rosen for the respondent.
No. 86. Local Union No. 10, United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters, etc., et al., petitioners, v. O. J. Graham
et al., Partners, Trading as Graham Brothers. Argued by Mr. Her-
bert S. Thatcher for the petitioners and submitted by Mr. Richmond
Moore, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 66. Marcel Max Lutwak, Munio Knoll, and Regina Treitler,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced
by Mr. A. Bradley Eben for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos. 66,
8, 101, 191, 413, 448, 87, 76, 138, and 89.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1952
90
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Stuart Marks, of New York, N. Y., Peter O. A. Solbert, of New
York, N. Y., Paul E. Wilson, of Topeka, Kans., George Dulaney
Solter, of Baltimore, Md., David A. Lindsay, of Huntington, N. Y.,
and F. Roberts Blair, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
W. Davis; Samuel Emory Rogers, of Summerton, S. C., and Ernest
F. Hollings, of Charleston, S. C., on motion of Mr. Robert McCormick
Figg, Jr.; Harry A. Abrams, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Joseph Lich-
tenbaum, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Alexander Boskoff;
Constance Baker Motley, of New York, N. Y., and Harold R. Boul-
ware, of Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. Thurgood Marshall; Louis
J. Finger, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. H. Albert Young;
Samuel Langerman, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F.
Ashurst; Leonard W. Levine, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph H. Freehill; and Harvey Levin, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian, were admitted to practice.
No. 66. Marcel Max Lutwak, Munio Knoll, and Regina Treitler,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument continued
by Mr. A. Bradley Eben for the petitioners and concluded by Mr.
Marvin S. Frankel for the respondent.
No. 8. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al. v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County, Kansas,
et al. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellants and by
Mr. Paul E. Wilson for the appellees.
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for the appellants and continued
by Mr. John W. Davis for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
101, 191, 413, 448, 87, 76, 138, 89, 97, and 150 (and 160).
a
200218-52-27

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1952
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
G. T. Hanners, of Lovington, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Philip
Elman; J. Bowie Lillard, of Hyattsville, Md., Winton de Ruyter
Woods, of Bloomington, Ind., Ralph W. Powers, of Hyattsville, Md.,
and J. Edwin Hutchinson, of Hyattsville, on motion of Mr. John F.
Lillard; Jerry L. Williams, of Danville, Va., and Samuel Wilbert
Tucker, of Emporia, Va., on motion of Mr. Oliver W. Hill, Sr.;
Leonard J. Kassel, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Isadore G. Alk;
and Edward L. Carey, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. W. K.
Hopkins, were admitted to practice.
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. John W. Davis for the appellees and concluded by Mr.
Thurgood Marshall for the appellants.
No. 191. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis,
etc., et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward
County, Virginia, et al. Argued by Mr. Spottswood Robinson III,
for the appellants, and by Mr. T. Justin Moore and Mr. J. Lindsay
Almond, Jr., for the appellees.
No. 413. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Mel-
vin Sharpe et al. Argument commenced by Mr. E. C. Hayes for the
petitioners and continued by Mr. James M. Nabrit, Jr., for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
413, 448, 87, 76, 138, 89, 97, 150 (and 160), 167, and 179.
☑
200218-52-28

1
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Stephen Girard Lax, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Loren
K. Olson; Edward O. Hancock, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. E. L. Koepenick; C. Arden Gingery, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Wilford A. Nolen, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Bert E. John-
son; Eugene M. Foley, of New York, N. Y., and Joseph Elmer Julian,
of Youngstown, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Abe Fortas; Talbot Atkins
Steel, of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. William A. Glasgow; Ben
Kohler, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe;
Anthony Victor Lo Popolo, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Nicholas J. Chase; Ralph E. White, of Larchmont, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Dee R. Bramwell; and Wallace C. Franklin, Jr., of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner, were admitted
to practice.
No. 413. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Mel-
vin Sharpe et al. Argument continued by Mr. James M. Nabrit, Jr.,
for the petitioners and by Mr. Milton D. Korman for the appellees
and concluded by Mr. James M. Nabrit, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 448. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by Her
Guardian ad litem, Ethel Belton et al. Argued by Mr. R. Albert
Young for the petitioners and by Mr. Louis L. Redding and by
Mr. Jack Greenberg for the respondents.
No. 87. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward A.
Rumely. Argument commenced by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos. 87,
76, 138, 89, 97, 150 (and 160), 167, 179, 182, and 391 (392 and
393).
200218-52--29
1
MAY

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ashton Phelps, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. E. Fontaine
Broun; William A. Costello, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Ed-
ward P. Morgan; Reuben Haslam, of Washington, D. C., and John
T. Casey, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Lambert H. Miller;
Frank John Newman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Louis A.
Gravelle; Alvin Browdy, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Lipman Redman; and Manuel Murray Wiseman, of Alton, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Donald H. Dalton, were admitted to practice.
No. 87. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward A.
Rumely. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the petitioner.
No. 76. Edwin E. Healy and Gordon W. Hartfield, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. James H. Hef-
fern for the petitioners and by Mr. Charles S. Lyon for the respond-
ent.
No. 138. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Hall
C. Smith. Argued by Mr. Charles S. Lyon for the petitioner and by
Mr. Sol Goodman for the respondent.
No. 89. Automatic Canteen Company of America, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward
F. Howrey for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, December 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos. 89,
97, 150 (and 160), 167, 179, 182, 391 (392 and 393), 193 (and
194), and 203.
☑
200218-52--30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Charles F. Simon, of Chicago, Ill., and Lester S. Jayson, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Walter J. Cummings,
Jr.; George W. McManus, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., John Marshall
Butler, of Baltimore, Md., Herbert R. O'Conor, Jr., of Baltimore,
Md., and Raymond A. Egner, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Herbert R. O'Conor; Melvin H. Hoffman, of Long Beach, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Clyde Gilman Doyle; Alfred C. Dressler, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. John D. Marsh; John Devereux Kernan, Jr.,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Butler; Webster V.
Clark, of San Francisco, Calif., William E. Haudek, of New York,
N. Y., and David Freidenrich, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Julius Levy; Ceylon B. Frazer, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of
Mr. Newell N. Fowler; Jay W. Linsey, of Grand Rapids, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Guilford Stanley Jameson; Eugene L. Burke, of Falls
Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; Frederick A.
Wiecking, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Posey T. Kime;
James B. Gray, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Otis L. Mohun-
dro; Warren M. Sparks, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. H. Thomas
Austern; Margaret C. Driscoll, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of
Mr. Milton V. Freeman; Leo A. Roth, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Leo A. Rover; Harold C. Warnock, of Tucson, Ariz., and
Egbert R. Ferguson, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John
T. M. Reddan; Richard S. T. Marsh, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Bradford Ross; Abe Arthur Bangel, of Portsmouth, Va.,
Stanley J. Bangel, of Portsmouth, Va., and Herbert K. Bangel, of
Portsmouth, Va., on motion of Mr. David G. Bress; Clyde C. Goebel,
of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Walter H. Maloney; Phil H.
Curry, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arthur A. Steffan;
F. LeRoy Hanscom, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hugh
T. Fullerton; and Harold Alfred Cranefield, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 41. Thomas Schwartz, petitioner, v. State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice
200218-52-―31
You

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1952
95
Black concurs in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter con-
curring in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 14. Robert M. Wieman, Nancy Kent Ziebur, Werner C. Baum,
et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Updegraff, The Board of Regents of the
Oklahoma Agricultural Colleges, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Oklahoma. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Jackson, not having heard the
argument, took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Burton concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 447. Nancy Cross, appellant, v. John Tustin, Personnel Direc-
tor, and Civil Service Commission, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District. Per Curiam:
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction (28 U. S. C., Sec. 1257
(2)). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari as required by 28 U. S. C., Sec. 2103, certio-
rari is denied.
No. 458. Newtex Steamship Corporation and Seatrain Lines, In-
corporated, appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Per Curiam: The
motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 461. The United States of America, appellant, v. Grower-Ship-
pers Vegetable Association of Central California et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Cali-
fornia. Per Curiam: Judgment affirmed. The Chief Justice, Mr.
Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that prob-
able jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for argument.
+
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 120. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Crescent
Amusement Company, Rockwood Amusements, Inc., et al. The ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Middle District of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1952
96
Tennessee is dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 442. United States of America, appellant, v. James J. Carroll.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court
in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 404. Warner D. Orvis, Homer W. Orvis, Floyd Y. Keeler,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. James P. McGranery, Attorney General of
the United States, as successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 422. Robert W. Burns and Herman P. Dennis, Jr., petitioners,
v. Robert A. Lovett, Secretary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 439. Louis Levinson and Mitchell A. Hall, petitioners, v. Wil-
liam Deupree, Jr., Ancillary Administrator of the Estate of Katherine
Wing, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Motion of the re-
spondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
No. 19. Ernest Perez, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 401. R. M. Cox et al., petitioners, v. Kirby Lumber Corpora-
tion and Meyer Royalty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 406. Herschel Bullen, Mary N. Bullen, J. C. Hayward and
Mirian S. Hayward, petitioners, v. Walter B. Scoville. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 415. Margaret Hodges, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 421. California Texas Oil Company, Limited, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Honorable James R. Kirkland, Judge of the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1952
97
No. 437. Lawrence Albert Razete, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 81. G. Seals Aiken, appellant, v. William Richardson. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
No. 344. James Marr, Doing Business as Marr Duplicator Com-
pany, petitioner, v. A. B. Dick Company. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 158, Misc. Mrs. Hattie Carney, petitioner, v. V. A. Anderson
et al. Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 3, Misc. Peter Pianezzi, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 6, Misc. Junius Lee Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 117, Misc. Richard Williamson, petitioner, v. The State of
Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals, Oklahoma, denied.
No. 247, Misc. Russell Squires, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, Illinois, denied.
No. 251, Misc. Theodore S. Thompson, petitioner, v. John R.
Cranor, Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 233, Misc. California Texas Oil Company, Limited, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Honorable James R. Kirkland, Judge of the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 242, Misc. Richard J. Williams, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jack-
son, Warden; and
No. 253, Misc. Stanley Dale Sydow, petitioner, v. Frank Golden,
(United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska, et al. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1952
ORDER
98
96
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 22, until
Monday, January 5, 1953.
No. 89. Automatic Canteen Company of America, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Edward
F. Howrey for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Robert B. Daw-
kins for the respondent.
No. 97. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Thomas W.
Dant et al., Co-Partners, Doing Business as Dant & Russell, Ltd.
Argued by Mr. David P. Findling for the petitioner and by Mr. John
T. Casey for the respondents.
No. 150. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation and Alexis I. duP.
Bayard, Receiver, petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company
et al.; and
No. 160. Meredith H. Metzger, Henry Offerman and J. S. Farlee
& Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company et al.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. Herman Phleger for the petitioners in No. 150.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos. 150
(and 160), 167, 179, 182, 391 (392 and 393), 193 (and 194),
203, 217, 218, and 226.
☑

99
99
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1952
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
"
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ike Murry, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Sam M. Wassell;
John Ossea, Jr., of Appalachia, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert L.
Stern; Harry Gillig, Jr., of Wichita, Kans., Robert Allen McGinnis,
of Arlington, Va., James Robert Harris, of Arlington, Va., and
Edward C. Hall, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Roy A. Fulcher;
J. M. Toro-Nazario, of Rio Piedras, P. R., on motion of Mr. Samuel
Karp; Solis Horowitz, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. George
E. McConley; William T. Wofford, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Gordon S. Parker; and Allen F. Maulsby, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Albert R. Connelly, were admitted to practice.
No. 150. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation and Alexis I. dup.
Bayard, Receiver, petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company
et al.; and
No. 160. Meredith H. Metzger, Henry Offerman and J. S. Farlee
& Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Herman Phleger for the petitioners in
No. 150, by Mr. Julius Levy for the petitioners in No. 160, and con-
cluded by Mr. Allan P. Matthew for the respondents.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
appellant and continued by Mr. Jacob Kossman for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos.
167, 179, 182, 391 (392 and 393), 193 (and 194), 203, 217, 218,
and 226.
☑
"
Met
200218-52-32

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1952
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Leslie E. Howell, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Alexander
McK. Bracken; James G. Lane, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
John Joseph Graham; John C. Marbach, of White Plains, N. Y., and
John J. O'Brien, of White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip J.
O'Brien; James B. Henderson, of Houston, Tex., and Pat F. Timmons,
of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Connor; John J. Duff,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Peter L. F. Sabbatino; and
Herbert H. Monsky, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Harold Alfred
Cranefield, were admitted to practice.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger. Argument continued by Mr. Jacob Kossman for the
appellee and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellant.
No. 179. South Buffalo Railway Company, appellant, v. Gertrude
Sloan Ahern and New York State Workmen's Compensation Board.
Argued by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the appellant and by Mr. Roy
Wiedersum for the appellee, New York State Workmen's Compensa-
tion Board.
No. 182. Kenneth C. Gordon and Kenneth J. MacLeod, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
George F. Callaghan for the petitioners, continued by Mr. Maurice J.
Walsh for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. John R. Wilkins for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
182, 391 (392 and 393), 193 (and 194), 203, 217, and 218.
☑
i
W
200218-52-33

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1952
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Frank A. Constangy, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Milton Carl
Denbo; Harry E. O'Donnell, of New York, N. Y., Anthony Curreri,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Meyer Scheps, of Jamaica, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Seymour B. Quell; William A. Grimes, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Robert W. Williams; and Harlan Street, of Miami
Beach, Fla., on motion of Seymour S. Guthman, were admitted to
practice.
No. 182. Kenneth C. Gordon and Kenneth J. MacLeod, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argument concluded by Mr. Mau-
rice J. Walsh for the petitioners.
No. 391. Harry A. Stein, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York;
No. 392. Nathan Wissner, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 393. Calman Cooper, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argued by Mr. John J. Duff, by Mr. J. Bertram Wegman,
and by Mr. Peter L. F. Sabbatino for the petitioners, and by Mr. John
J. O'Brien and by Mr. John C. Marbach for the respondent. Leave
granted petitioners to file a reply brief within one week.
No. 193. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. George Huffman,
Individually, and on Behalf of a Class, etc., et al.; and
No. 194. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft, and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, etc., petitioner, v.
George Huffman, Individually, and on Behalf of a Class, etc., et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. William T. Gossett for the petitioner
in No. 193 and continued by Mr. Harold A. Cranefield for the peti-
tioner in No. 194 and by Mr. Herbert Monsky for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 19, will be as follows: Nos. 193
(and 194), 203, and 217.
☑
200218-52- -34

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1952
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Eldon C. Harris, of West Yellowstone, Mont., on motion of Mr.
James E. Murray; Howard I. Forman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. William W. Fleming; Clarence M. Thomas, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Ray Glenn Atherton; Jack Werner, of Min-
neapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Paul Atlee Walker; and William L.
Hanaway, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Sweeny,
were admitted to practice.
No. 193. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. George Huffman,
Individually etc., et al.; and
No. 194. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, etc., petitioner, v.
George Huffman, Individually, etc., et al. Argument concluded by
Mr. Herbert Monsky for the respondents.
No. 203. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Meyer
Scheps and Mr. Seymour B. Quel for the petitioner, and by Mr. Ed-
ward R. Brumley for the respondent.
No. 217. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seven-Up
Bottling Company of Miami, Inc. Argued by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Frank A. Constangy for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 22d, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
200218-52-3

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1952
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Sol Lindenbaum, of El Dorado, Kans., and Raymond J. Pettine,
of Providence, R. I., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Walter J.
Cummings, Jr.; Dominic Phillip Renda, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. L. Welch Pogue; John Holt Myers, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Paul F. Myers; James A. Kennedy, of New York,
N. Y., and John F. Gibbons, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
B. K. Wheeler; William J. Murphy, of Stamford, Conn., P. Lawrence
Epifanio, of Stamford, Conn., and Nicholas P. Nanos, of Stamford,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker; Thomas H. Werdel, of
Bakersfield, Calif., on motion of Mr. Raymond C. Cushwa; and P. W.
Lanier, of Fargo, N. Dak., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern, were
admitted to practice.
No. 38. Sidney Steele et al., petitioners, v. Bulova Watch Com-
pany, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Western District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the decision of this case. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 9. Wilbur C. King et al., as and Constituting the Florida Rail-
road and Public Utilities Commission, appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Florida. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson concurs.
No. 42. F. W. Woolworth Company, petitioner, v. Contemporary
Arts, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs.
200218-52-36
10

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1952
104
No. 44. Public Service Commission of Utah, Hal S. Bennett et al.,
petitioners, v. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, a Corporation. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of Utah
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 47. The United States of America, appellant, v. Universal
C. I. T. Credit Corporation, George P. Neal, Frank E. Wolfe, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri. Judgment affirmed without prejudice to amendment of
the information before trial if the evidence to be offered warrants it.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 11. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Writ of certiorari
dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 455. Northern Pacific Railway Company, Great Northern
Railway Company, Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Com-
pany, et al., appellants, v. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Com-
missioners of the State of Montana. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Montana. Per Curiam: The judg-
ment is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court for
further proceedings in the light of King v. United States, No. 9,
October Term, 1952, decided this day.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. It is ordered that John Raeburn Green, Esquire, of St.
Louis, Missouri, be, and he is hereby, appointed special master in this
cause, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and take
such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it neces-
sary to call for. The master is directed to hold hearings, take such
evidence as may be necessary and, with all convenient speed, to submit
a report with recommendations relative to the disposition of the ques-
tions raised by the pleadings.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1952
105
The order entered herein on April 28, 1952, left open the question
of the indispensability of the United States as a party for decision
after evidence. In hearing the evidence, the master is directed, so far
as is practicable, to hear first evidence bearing on the indispensability
of the United States, if the United States does not enter its appearance
in the case. He is requested to examine and report on that point, if
practicable, separately and prior to his report on the other issues,
determining particularly whether effective relief could be granted
petitioner without affecting the interest of the United States. The
master shall give like consideration to any other allegation of indis-
pensability made by any party defendant.
The master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable
compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The
allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and
clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court
hereafter may direct. If the appointment herein made of a master
is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of
the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new desig-
nation which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the
Court herein.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black are of the opinion that the
present record establishes the indispensability of the United States
and requires the dismissal of the complaint.
No. 303. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Sydney
Keith Scott, One of the Lloyds Underwriters, et al. The motion by
the Solicitor General, on behalf of the United States, for leave to
appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted and
thirty minutes is allowed for that purpose.
No. 102. Eddie Bratburd and Ruth E. Bratburd, petitioners, v.
State of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 357. Gordon Woodroffe Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 407. Sidney Kross, petitioner, v. State of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California, Los
Angeles County, denied.
No. 431. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher, as Trustees of
Central States Electric Corporation, petitioners, v. Harrison Williams
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1952
106
No. 436. Humble Oil & Refining Company and Roy Moseley, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 441. Traders Compress Company, petitioner, v. Maurice J.
Tobin, Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 12. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Idaho Power
Company. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Burton and
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clara Belle
' Henning et al.;
No. 185. Seth M. Milliken, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 210. Duveen Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 314. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Acting
Housing Expediter ;
No. 78, Misc. Silas Theophilus Kuiken, petitioner, v. United States
of America; and
No. 135, Misc. Steve Chorak and Emma Chorak, petitioners, v.
RKO et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 224, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. Emery E.
Jacques, Warden, etc. Petition for certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus and petition for allowance of
an appeal also denied.
No. 248, Misc. Ernest G. Booth, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 249, Misc. Charles McCullough, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 250, Misc. Ira W. Westbury, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 252, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1952
107
No. 256, Misc. Harry Pappas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Rock Island County, Illinois, denied.
No. 258, Misc. Leroy Carroll, petitioner, v. Col. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 257, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri and for other relief denied.
No. 263, Misc. John W. Gibson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 265, Misc. Ex parte Lawrence Maynard, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writs of habeas corpus and certiorari
denied.
No. 267, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Supt.,
Lorton Reformatory, et al.; and
No. 268, Misc. Kenneth Spradling, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 276, Misc. Robert L. Knetzer, petitioner, v. Elmer W. Schultz,
Acting United States Marshal, etc. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the application should
be transferred under 28 U. S. C., Sec. 2241 (b).
No. 271, Misc. United States of America, petitioner, v. United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois et al. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus dismissed on motion
of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 5, 1953, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 5, 1953, will be as follows: Nos.
218, 274, 187, 197 (and 198), 226, 244, 258, 394, 139, and 230.
ndria
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1953
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Max A. Reinstein, of Chicago, Ill., Alan Monroe Nedry, of Chicago,
Ill., and Daniel H. Greenberg, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Walter J. Cummings, Jr.; Sam Alschuler, of Aurora,
Ill., William C. Murphy, of Aurora, Ill., and Ralph C. Putnam, Jr.,
of Aurora, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank R. Reid, Jr.; Hobart L.
McKeever, of Murphy, N. C., on motion of Mr. Seldon S. McNeer;
Ivan A. Elliott, of Carmi, Ill., W. Joe Hill, of Benton, Ill., Murray F.
Milne, of Sterling, Ill., and Frank M. Pfeifer, of Springfield, Ill., on
motion of Mr. John T. Chadwell; Ernest N. Hudgins, of Fairfax,
Va., on motion of Mr. Fred W. Shields; Marvin John Colangelo, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Carroll Morrissey; Frank
W. Springer, of East Palestine, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Ralph Atkin-
son; Irvin J. Kopf, of Philadelphia, Pa., Barnet Lieberman, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa., and H. Mark Solomon, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Milton I. Baldinger; and Isadore Engle, of Waukesha, Wis.,
on motion of Mrs. Elizabeth W. Weston, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 181. Ernest S. Clements, Commissioner of Wild Life and
and Fisheries of the State of Louisiana, appellant, v. Dominic Gospo-
donovich et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Louisiana. Appeal dismissed on motion of all of
the parties.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. The motions for permission
to proceed on records reproduced in part by offset lithography in lieu
of letterpress printing are granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 440. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gilbert As-
sociates, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Hampshire granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
200218-53--37
WALL
!

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1953
109
No. 248. The United States, petitioner, v. William G. Price, Jr.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 249. The United States, petitioner, v. Frederick M. Waterbury.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 250. The United States, petitioner, v. Cora Presson Partridge,
Executrix of the Estate of George McL. Presson. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 379. G. W. Danforth, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 396. Harry Kirk Creamer, petitioner, v. The Ogden Union
Railway and Depot Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 405. Union City Transfer et al., petitioners, v. Floyd Adams.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Second Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 423. Lois Faurot and Lois Faurot, as Next Friend of Nancy
Faurot Achenbach, a Minor, petitioners, v. Vera Faurot Moore et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 425. Holmes Projector Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 428. Consumer Sales Corporation, Julius J. Blumenfeld, and
Myron J. Colin, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 432. Robert H. Kenney, petitioner, v. Wabash Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 434. Joseph P. Bryant, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 435. Robert L. Richmond, petitioner, v. St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 438. Brown Land and Royalty Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Frances Clark Green et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 449. The United States of America, ex rel. Dominick Daverse,
petitioner, v. William Hohn, Warden of Westmoreland County Jail.
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1953
110
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 452. Motorola, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 453. Timothy R. Veal et al., petitioners, v. F. R. Leimkuehler
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals
of Missouri denied.
No. 456. William P. McNish, petitioner, v. The American Brass
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 457. Moses F. Dworsky and Philip Dworsky, Co-Partners
Doing Business as Fidelity Factors, petitioners, v. Morris R. Leichter.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 462. United Hoisting Co., Inc., and Local 15 C, International
Union of Operating Engineers, A. F. L., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 464. First National Bank in Houston, P. P. Butler, T. W.
Gregory, Jr., petitioners, v. Charles M. Lake, Trustee of Petrol
Terminal Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 467. Kelley, Glover and Vale, Incorporated, Trustee, peti-
tioner, v. Charles J. Kramer and Helen Kramer and Peter Evans,
Successor Indenture Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 409. American Snuff Company and Martin J. Condon, Indi-
vidually and as President of the American Snuff Company, petitioners,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 420. Perry W. Howard et al., petitioners, v. J. E. Hoskins et al.
Motion to dispense with printing the petition and record granted.
Motion for an extension of time to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
sissippi denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law (28 U. S. C., Sec. 2101 (c)).
No. 523. United Steelworkers of America, CIO, Local 2286, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America and American Locomotive
Company, Inc. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

سوورة
1
MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1953
111
No. 39. William Baumet et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America, et al.;
No. 100. Joseph M. Sweeney, as Sheriff of Cuyahoga County,
Ohio, petitioner, v. Robert Woodall, a. k. a. Frank Woodall;
No. 381. American President Lines, Limited, petitioner, v. Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, Department of Justice, United
States of America, et al.;
No. 200, Misc. Theodore W. Thomas, petitioner, v. People of State
of California; and
No. 475, Misc., October Term, 1951. John R. Ayers, petitioner, v.
O. K. Parry and Emerson Haines. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 199, Misc. Nicholas R. Wilson, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
as Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 229, Misc. James Bufford Farnsworth, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 261, Misc. Bill Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 264, Misc. M. J. Nations, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Brown County, Brownwood, Texas, denied.
No. 266, Misc. Fleetwood Baugh, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 269, Misc. Richard Kamrowski, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 260, Misc. Rufus Leonard, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law (28 U. S. C., Sec. 2101 (d)). Rule
3812 of the Rules of the Supreme Court.
No. 275, Misc. John Dunlap, petitioner, v. Warden, Texas Prison,
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 187. William E. Bode, Isaac Sandridge, R. E. Sponsler, et al.,
appellants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, et al. Submitted by Mr. Scott W. Lucas, Mr. Charles A.
Thomas, and Mr. Hugh J. Graham, Jr., for the appellants and by
Mr. John T. Chadwell and Mr. Richard M. Keck for the appellees.
унист

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1953
112
No. 218. Refugio Roman Martinez, petitioner, v. Marcus T. Neelly,
Successor as of July 1, 1951, to Andrew Jordan, District Director,
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argued by Mr. Eugene
Cotton for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Cummings for
the respondent.
No. 274. Co-Ordinated Transport, Inc., of Illinois, et al., appel-
lants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State of Illi-
nois, et al. Argued by Mr. Frank R. Reid, Jr., for the appellants and
by Mr. John T. Chadwell for the appellees.
No. 197. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph H.
Wilson, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of "Co-Operative
Buying Service"; and
No. 198. The United States of America, appellant, v. Purchasing
Corporation of America, Norman W. Raies, William T. Tweel, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant and
continued by Mr. Selden S. McNeer for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 197
(and 198), 226, 244, 258, 394, 139, 230, 301, 253, and 293.
✓

TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1953
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Justice Clark is unavoidably absent because of the death of
his mother, Mrs. William H. Clark, Sr. The Court extends its deepest
sympathy to Brother Clark and the family in their hour of bereave-
ment."
Kirkpatrick W. Dilling, of Chicago, Ill., and G. Wallace Roth, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Langer; Frederick U. Reel,
of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Walter T. Nolte, were admitted
to practice.
No. 197. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph H.
Wilson, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of "Co-Operative
Buying Service"; and
No. 198. The United States of America, appellant, v. Purchasing
Corporation of America, Norman W. Raies, William T. Tweel, et al.
Argument concluded by Mr. Selden S. McNeer for the appellees.
No. 226. J. Lauritzen, petitioner, v. Evald Johann Larsen. Argued
by Mr. James M. Estabrook for the petitioner and by Mr. George
Halpern and Mr. Richard M. Cantor for the respondent.
No. 244. Leona Anderson May, appellant, v. Owen Anderson.
Argued by Mr. Ralph Atkinson and Mr. F. W. Springer for the
appellant and by Mr. I. Engle for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos.
258, 394, 139, 230, 301, 253, 293, 278, 295, and 444.
☑
1
"TH HOTE
200218-53--38
16

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1953
114
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ross L. Malone, Jr., of Roswell, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Walter J. Cummings, Jr.; E. Stratford Smith, of Arlington,
Va., on motion of Mr. Vincent B. Welch; Herbert H. Scheier, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles H. Kendall; and James M.
Marsh, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Harry LaBrum, were
admitted to practice.
No. 258. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and Texas Citrus and Vegetable Growers and Shippers.
Argued by Mr. Robert H. Bierma for the appellants and by Mr.
Daniel M. Friedman for the appellees, United States and Interstate
Commerce Commission, and submitted by Mr. Frank A. Leffingwell
for appellee, Texas Citrus and Vegetable Growers and Shippers.
No. 394. Roberta Wells, as Administratrix of the Estate of Cheek
Wells, petitioner, v. Simonds Abrasive Company. Argued by Mr.
Charles J. Biddle for the petitioner and by Mr. Philip Price for the
respondent.
No. 139. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization, petitioner, v. United States of America,
ex rel. Ignatz Mezei. Argument commenced by Mr. Ross L. Malone,
Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 139,
230, 301, 253, 293, 278, 295, 444, 390, and 205.
Х
200218-53--39

THURSDAY, JANUARY 8, 1953
115
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Benjamin Harrow, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob
Kirschenbaum; Samuel L. Gold, of Oakland, Calif., and Robert Wil-
liam Sinai, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. E. K. Gubin;
Sanford M. Swerdlin, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Ross L. Malone,
Jr.; John J. Manning, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Bernard Dunau; Leo Greenfield, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Seymour S. Guthman; Urchie B. Ellis, of Wilmington, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. C. C. Howell; Abner H. Silverman, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher; John B. Hurlbut, of
Stanford, Calif., on motion of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; and Boris
H. Lakusta, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Samuel E.
Neel, were admitted to practice.
No. 139. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Ignatz Mezei. Argument continued by Mr. Ross L. Malone, Jr., for
the petitioner and by Mr. Jack Wasserman for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Ross L. Malone, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 230. The Radio Officers' Union of the Commercial Telegraphers
Union, AFL., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argued
by Mr. Abner H. Silverman for the petitioner and by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file reply brief
within one week.
No. 301. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen &
Helpers of America, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 301,
253, 293, 278, 295, 444, 390, 205, 206, and 318.
☑
200218-53-40
"
ગ
12

FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1953
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
1.
Israel L. Sonenshein, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Sam-
uel Karp; Arnold Bauman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Gerhard Van Arkel; Robert James Tilden, of Falmouth, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Leverett Saltonstall; Eric Daenecke, of Columbia,
S. C., on motion of Mr. Charles Hilsenroth; Benjamin Rodriguez-
Ramon, of San Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Crawford;
Harry Earl Cunningham, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr.
Joseph W. Wyatt, were admitted to practice.
No. 301. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen & Help-
ers of America, et al. Argument concluded by Mr. John J. Manning
for the respondents.
No. 253. United States of America, petitioner, v. Certain Parcels
of Land in the County of Fairfax, Commonwealth of Virginia, and
Belle Haven Realty Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr. Rowland F.
Kirks for the petitioner and by Mr. Frederick A. Ballard for the
respondents.
No. 293. Unexcelled Chemical Corporation, Formerly Unexcelled
Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. George Morris Fay for the petitioner and by
Mr. James R. Browning for the respondent.
No. 278. Robert Ramspeck et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trial
Examiners Conference et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert
W. Ginnane for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, January 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 278,
295, 444, 390, 205, 206, 318, 320, 262 (and 303), and 368.
15
200218-53-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1953
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Herbert Brownell, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Parker
McCollester; Alex P. Humphrey, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr.
Gilbert Burnett; Robert Dawson Heitsch, of Pontiac, Mich., on motion
of Mr. George A. Dondero; Clarence B. Woolston, of White Plains,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Walter W. Ahrens; Paul M. Hupp, of Denver,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Laurence H. Whitlow, of
Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Ashurst; Eustace Selig-
man, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John A. Selby; Stanley
Faulkner, of New York, N. Y., Ralph E. Powe, of Washington, D. C.,
and John M. Coe, of Pensacola, Fla., on motion of Mr. David Rein;
John Joseph Crean, of Camden, N. J., and Norman Heine, of Camden,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Gerald Fitz-Gerald,
of Midland, Tex., on motion of Mr. Herbert Stedman French; and
James Edwin Smith, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Francis
Joseph Ortman, were admitted to practice.
No. 85. Isidore Edelman, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. On writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California,
County of Los Angeles. Writ of certiorari dismissed as improvi-
dently granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Jack-
son concurs with the exception noted. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 217. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seven-Up
Bottling Company of Miami, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree of Court of
Appeals reversed and case remanded to that court for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which the Chief Justice
joins.
No. 26. The American Trucking Associations, Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and The Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Alabama; and
200218-53- -42
Ha

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1953
118
No. 35. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, and Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al.; and
No. 36. The Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Indiana. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 60. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Charles E. O'Rourke. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which the
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Clark join.
No. 203. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Connecticut for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 218. Refugio Roman Martinez, petitioner, v. Marcus T.
Neelly, Successor as of July 1, 1951, to Andrew Jordan, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of certi-
crari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 463. Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Indiana. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted.
and the judgment is affirmed. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted and the case set down for argument.
(13
HOT

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1953
The Chief Justice said:
119
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. United States. The petition to
vacate the order denying an extension of time to file petition for writ
of certiorari and the motion for an extension of time to file petition
for writ of certiorari are denied.
No. 6, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. An order is entered awarding compensation to
the Special Master and allowing his expenses. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger. The motion for leave to file brief of Allan Cohen as
amicus curiae is denied.
No. 395. James A. Vaughan, petitioner, v. Petroleum Conversion
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 450. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
a Corporation, petitioner, v. Will J. McGowan. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 468. Laura K. Ernst, petitioner, v. Jewel Tea Co., Inc., d/b/a
Jewel Food Stores. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 16. The United States, petitioner, v. Caltex (Philippines), In-
corporated, The Shell Company of the Philippine Islands, Limited,
et al.;
No. 419. The United Brick & Clay Workers of America and the
American Federation of Labor, petitioners, o. Deena, Artware, Incor-
porated;
No. 219, Misc. John Ellis, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden; and
No. 486, Misc. October Term, 1951. Augustine F. Lawrence, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 255, Misc. Guy Jaquish, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 270, Misc. Hollen O. Hubbard, petitioner, v. Dr. M. R. King,
Supt., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
De
fra
4.
WATE
'

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1953
120
No. 272, Misc. James P. Duty, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Munie,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 278, Misc. George Dauphley, also known as William Godfrey,
petitioner, v. State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 279, Misc. Jack Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 280, Misc. Edward Perkins, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 281, Misc. Chris K. Allison, Jr., petitioner, v. Jerome J.
Munie, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Tuesday, January 20 next, until
Monday, February 2.
No. 278. Robert Ramspeck et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trial
Examiners Conference et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles S.
Rhyne for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane
for the petitioners.
No. 295. Arnett M. Howard, Kenneth M. Johnson, Edward W.
Michey et al., appellants, v. The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
of the City of Louisville et al. Argued by Mr. W. A. Armstrong for
the appellants and by Mr. Gilbert Burnett and Mr. Alex P. Humphrey
for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 444,
390, 205, 206, 318, 320, 262 (and 303), 368, 322, and 52.
☑
The "
M

TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1953
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Louis W. Makley, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John R.
Benney; and Mortimer Horowitz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Harold D. Cohen, were admitted to practice.
No. 444. Stanley J. Orloff, petitioner, v. Colonel Rex E. Wil-
loughby, Commandant of Fort Lawton, Seattle, Washington. Argued
by Mr. David Rein and Mr. Stanley Faulkner for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert S. Erdahl for the respondent.
No. 390. Roosevelt Ward, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. John M. Coe and Mr. Ralph E. Powe for
the petitioner and by Mr. John R. Benney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
205, 206, 318, 320, 262 (and 303), 368, 322, and 52.
✓
200218-53-43

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1953
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Louis D. Goldman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Walter J. Cummings, Jr.; James G. Schillin, of New Orleans,
La., on motion of Mr. South Trimble, Jr.; Hervey C. Allen, Jr., of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Norman M. Barron; Frank J.
Darby, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Lon Hocker; James
Hinton Graves, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph
W. Bishop, Jr.; Howard J. Heilman, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Benjamin Freidson; and Allan C. Garden, of Fitzgerald, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Douglas W. Matthews, were admitted to practice.
No. 205. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California and The California
Electric Power Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cum-
mings for the petitioner and by Mr. Boris H. Lakusta for the re-
spondents. Memorandum to come from respondent.
No. 206. The County of Mineral, State of Nevada, a Political Sub-
division of the State of Nevada, petitioner, v. The Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California and The California Electric
Power Company, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. L. E. Blaisdell for
the petitioner and by Mr. Henry W. Coil for the respondents.
No. 318. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Rockaway
News Supply Co., Inc. Argued by Mr. Frederick U. Reel for the
petitioner and by Mr. Julius Kass for the respondent.
No. 320. Prock Stone, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Tyree C. Derrick for the
petitioner and by Mr. Lon Hocker for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos. 262
(and 303), 368, 322, and 52.
☑
200218-53--44
1

THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1953
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Clarence I. McFarlane, of Houston, Tex., and Edgar E. Townes,
Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Fritz G. Lanham; Robert
Burett Oliver III, of Cape Girardeau, Mo., on motion of Mr. Howard
J. Heilman; Frank G. Kurka, of Wilmington, N. C., on motion of
Mr. C. C. Howell; and Victor Wolder, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Eugene Mills Meacham, were admitted to practice.
No. 262. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 303. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Sydney
Keith Scott, One of the Lloyds Underwriters et al. Argued by Mr.
Edwin S. Murphy for the petitioner, by Mr. Hubert H. Margolies
for the respondent in No. 262 and for the United States as amicus
curiae in No. 303, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Russell T.
Mount for the respondents in No. 303.
No. 368. The De La Rama Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Harold M. Kennedy
for the petitioner and by Mr. Benjamin Forman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos. 322
and 52.
×
200218-53-45
8

FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 1953
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
James Mitchell Tucker, of Paoli, Ind., on motion of Mr. William
E. Jenner, was admitted to practice.
No. 322. N. E. Pope et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Coast Line Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. Richard M. Maxwell for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Allan C. Garden and Mr. Charles Cook Howell
for the respondent.
No. 52. John Terry et al., petitioners, v. A. J. Adams et al. Argued
by Mr. J. Edwin Smith and Mr. James M. Nabrit for the petitioners
and by Mr. Edgar E. Townes, Jr., and Mr. Clarence I. McFarlane
for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, January 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
200218-53--46
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1953
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
John R. Barney, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Alexander M. Clark,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner; George
W. Friede, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman
Morse; Arthur I. Vorys, of Columbus, Ohio, and William Schneider,
of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John M. Vorys; Charles Wil-
liam Atkinson, of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr. James Wil-
liam Trimble; Arthur Everett Small, Jr., of Denver, Colo., on motion.
of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; William Henry Snyder, of Bloomington
Ind., William G. Bray, of Martinsville, Ind., and George W. Henley,
of Bloomington, Ind., on motion of Mr. James J. Robinson; Paul G.
Rogers, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dwight T.
Rogers; Bernard Bradley, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal
E. Jackson; Howard Ellis Cox, of Westhampton Beach, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Albert L. Cox; Thomas Joel Davis, of Chevy Chase,
Md., on motion of Mrs. Elizabeth B. Davis; Warren E. Burger, of
St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. George E. MacKinnon; Carleton
G. Schenken, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Stanley Walker
Jones; William Drury Fulton, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Samuel H. Horne: Mitchel Moidel, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Sidney V. Smith; G. Ezra Jordan, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William Wallace Cochran; William Cody Kelly, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Kyle F. Brooks; Eben H. Lewis,
of Boothbay Harbor, Maine, on motion of Mr. Thomas B. J. Quinn;
Samuel E. Yee, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lambert
O'Donnell; James M. Leak, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Maurice R. Weeks; Harrison Smith, of Garden City, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. A. Alan Lane; George R. Blue, of New Orleans, La., on
motion of Mr. John Minor Wisdom; Herman Adlerstein, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Louis L. Rochmes; Thomas P. Walker,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Elmer E. Batzell; Carroll
Franklin Johnson, of Clinton, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Eugene L.
Burke; Robert Michael Devitt, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Carl A. Landis; M. Lewis Lehman, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
Samuel Albert Kushner, of Danville, Va., and Benjamin Prince
Kushner, of Danville, Va., on motion of Mr. Alfred L. Bennett;
200218-53-47
14
H

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1953
126
Howard Thomas Hogan, of Farmingdale, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Leonard W. Hall; and Wentworth E. Griffin, of Kansas City, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Guy W. Green, were admitted to practice.
No. 179. South Buffalo Railway Company, appellant, v. Gertrude
Sloan Ahern and New York State Workmen's Compensation Board.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 429. Lionshead Lake, Inc., appellant, v. Township of Wayne,
a Municipal Corporation of the County of Passaic and State of New
Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per Cu-
riam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question.
Y
عالم
7
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The motion for leave to file the complaint is granted and process
is ordered to issue returnable within 60 days. The motion of the
United States for leave to intervene is granted.
No. 355. Claude Vernon Cooper, petitioner, v. Elizabeth D. Cooper.
The motion of petitioner to retax costs is granted and it is ordered
that the sum of $3,589.46 be taxed against the respondent. Mr. Jus-
tice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would deny the motion to retax
costs.
No. 443. Ruth B. Drown, an Individual, Trading as Drown Labo-
ratories, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 469. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Reed Roller Bit Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 470. United Mine Workers of America, United Mine Workers
of America, District 23, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1953
127
No. 472. Joseph A. Wagstaff, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 475. Pearl E. Thomas, Administratrix of the Estate of Clyde
R. Thomas, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake and Ohio Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 477. L. A. Goodman Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v. Gustave
W. Borkland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court
of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 478. Central Fruit & Vegetable Co., and West Texas Produce
Company, petitioners, v. Associated Fruit Distributors of California
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 479. The Chrysler Corporation, petitioner, v. Ruth Kanatser.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 484. Oklahoma Contracting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Magnolia Pipe Line Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 486. Advertisers Exchange, Inc., petitioner, v. L. E. Hinkley,
Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of Hinkley Self
Service Grocery. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 365. Jack Dragna, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Depart-
ment of the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles,
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 465. Air Transport Associates, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 480. Robert Des Marais and Pacific Alaska Air-Express, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Ruth Beckman, as Administratrix of the Estate of Tom
Skoland, also known as Thorvald Skoland, Deceased. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed is of the opinion certiorari should
be granted.
No. 407. Sidney Kross, petitioner, v. State of California;
No. 447. Nancy Cross, appellant, v. John Tustin, Personnel Direc-
tor, and Civil Service Commission, et al.; and
22
B

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1953
128
No. 455. Northern Pacific Railway Company, Great Northern Rail-
way Company, Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company,
et al., appellants, v. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Commis-
sioners of the State of Montana, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 204, Misc. Philip Frankfeld, George Aloysius Meyers, Leroy
Hand Wood, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Motions
for leave to file briefs of National Lawyers Guild and John Abt et al.,
as amici curiae denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circiuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be
granted.
No. 262, Misc. Charles H. Cochran, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 282, Misc. Fred H. Putnam, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 286, Misc. Daniel Bardell, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 289, Misc. Loyal Baldridge, petitioner, v. Kane County Cir-
cuit Court, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 292, Misc. Leonard Habermann, petitioner, v. Walter B. Mar-
tin, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 11 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 2, next, will be as follows:
Nos. 384, 290, 296, 410, 340, 341, 302, 404, 422, and 426.
Х
1.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1953
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
John Albert Bitter, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., Clinton Stanley
Banks, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., Theo. F. Weiss, of San Antonio,
Tex., John Howland Wood, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., Thomas Maxey
Hart, of San Antonio, Tex., Gilbert Morgan Denman, Jr., of San
Antonio, Tex., and Lewis Kayton, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Park Street, were admitted to practice.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Dwight D.
Eisenhower as President of the United States by the Chief Justice,
and the Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, February 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos. 384,
290, 296, 410, 340, 341, 302, 404, 422, and 426.
☑
200218-53--48

'
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
130
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Norman L. Easley, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Guy
Cordon; Charles E. McTiernan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert L. Stern; Archie Smith, of Providence, R. I., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Walter J. Cummings, Jr.; Frank E. Horka,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Herbert R. O'Conor; Frank G.
Millard, of Flint, Mich., on motion of Mr. Edmund Elliott Shepherd;
William Earl Badgett, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard
H. Baker; Edward H. Kavinoky, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Richard S. T. Marsh; Henry Dowst, Jr., of Epsom, N. H., on
motion of Mr. Gordon M. Tiffany; Samuel A. Schreckengaust, Jr.,
of Camp Hill, Pa., and James H. Booser, of Harrisburg, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. Gilbert Nurick; Robert L. Myers, Jr., of Camp Hill, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Henry C. Kessler, Jr.; Joseph A. Brown, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Ernest Goodman; William Holt Maness, of
Jacksonville, Fla., and Warren O. Windle, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas E. Byrne, Jr.; Elizabeth R. Young, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Wingfield Jackson; Paul
C. Kemeny, of Perth Amboy, N. J., on motion of Mr. M. Joseph
Matan; Eugene Bradley McKinney, of Eugene, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. John Harry Coffman; Arthur McGregor, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Carl F. Bauersfeld; John L. Green, of Athens, Ga.,
on motion of Miss Clara E. Smith; Henry Teichert, of Sacramento,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard Arnold Mullens; David Goldsmith,
of Perth Amboy, N. J., on motion of Mr. Harold Irving Baynton;
Bruce W. Wayne, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph E.
Becker; Eugene E. Andereck, of Trenton, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Russell N. Pickett; Robert E. Burns, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Roger Kent; Walter G. Powers, of Taunton, Mass.,
and Richard K. Martin, of Taunton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Chaun-
cey P. Carter, Jr.; Joseph E. Cassidy, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Herbert Lipsitz; Wm. L. Paul, Jr., of Juneau, Alaska, on
motion of Mr. James Craig Peacock; Luther Kenneth Say, of Fresno,
Calif., and William S. Andrews, of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of
200218-53-49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
131
Mr. James R. Murphy; and Murry I. Cohen, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Leonard W. Levine, were admitted to practice.
No. 34. David Brock, petitioner, v. The State of North Carolina.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 182. Kenneth C. Gordon and Kenneth J. MacLeod, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 75. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Motion Picture
Advertising Service Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the said Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Burton joins.
No. 320. Prock Stone, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Missouri for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson join:
No. 368. The De La Rama Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result.
No. 97. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Thomas W.
Dant et al., Co-Partners, Doing Business as Dant & Russell, Ltd. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
132
Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 197. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph H.
Wilson, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of "Co-Operative
Buying Service"; and
No. 198. The United States of America, appellant, v. Purchasing
Corporation of America, Norman W. Raies, William T. Tweel, et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The judgments are affirmed. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton dissent. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the considération or decision of these cases.
No. 390. Roosevelt Ward, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The indictment in this
case charged that between the dates of March 30, 1951, and May 31,
1951, petitioner "knowingly" failed to furnish his local Selective
Service Board with a correct address where mail might be delivered to
him. 50 U. S. C. App. Secs. 462 (a), 645 (b); 32 C. F. R. Sec. 1641.3.
The record does not support the charge that, during this period, there
was deliberate purpose on the part of petitioner not to comply with
the Selective Service Act or the regulation issued thereunder. Ac-
cordingly, the decision below is reversed.
No. 459. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. American
Thread Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ; and
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Nina Dye
Works Co., Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petitions for writs of certiorari are granted and the judgments are
reversed. National Labor Relations Board v. Dant, No. 97, October
Term, 1952, decided this day.
No. 503. Herrin Transportation Co., Inc., Mobile Express, Inc.,
and Robert T. Herrin, appellants, v. United States of America, Inter-
state Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Per Curiam:
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be
noted and the case set down for argument.
13
123
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
133
No. 505. Malone Freight Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Alabama. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the
case set down for argument.
No. 516. Charles D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner, Mayor
and Council of the City of Athens, City of Union Point, and Fulton
County, appellants, v. Georgia Railroad and Banking Company.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Georgia. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Wright v. Georgia R. R. & Banking Co.,
216 U. S. 420; Georgia R. Co. v. Redwine, 342 U. S. 299. Mr. Justice
Black dissents. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable
jurisdiction should be noted and the case set down for argument.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 296. Alstate Construction Company, petitioner, v. Maurice J.
Tobin, Secretary of the United States Department of Labor;
No. 336. E. C. Johnson and Leila B. Johnson, Doing Business as
the Bramhall Company, petitioners, v. Maurice J. Tobin, Secretary
of Labor, United States Department of Labor; and
No. 380. Pennington-Winter Construction Company, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Maurice J. Tobin, Secretary of Labor, United
States Department of Labor. The motions by the Solicitor General
to substitute Martin P. Durkin, present Secretary of Labor, as the
party respondent herein in the place and stead of Maurice J. Tobin,
former Secretary, are granted.
No. 488. The Callanan Road Improvement Company, a Corpora-
tion, South Bethlehem, New York, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Cornell Steam-
boat Company; and
No. 532. United States of America, appellant, v. W. T. Grant Com-
pany, S. H. Kress & Company and John M. Hancock, et al. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are transferred to
the summary docket.
31

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
134
No. 508. United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Building Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 466. John A. Malone and Eleanor F. Dana, petitioners, v. The
United States District Court for the Northern District of California
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 473. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Town of
Clarksville, Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 485. Margaret Penn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 489. Roland P. Place, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 490. Irene B. Whetstone, petitioner, v. Ernest J. Sauber, Direc-
tor of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 491. Hoxsey Cancer Clinic, a Partnership, and Harry M.
Hoxsey, an Individual, petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of ceriorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 492. One 1951 Ford Pick-up ¾ Ton Truck, Engine No.
F2RICS13966, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 493. Martin Duane McGuire, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 510. W. T. Grant Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 481. Raymond W. Clawson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to proceed on typewritten record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
200218-53--50

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
135
No. 483. Eusebius James Biggs, petitioner, v. Michael Feinberg,
Grover C. Niemeyer, and John Tuohy, etc. Motion to dispense with
printing the record granted. Motion to strike respondent's brief
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 435. Robert L. Richmond, petitioner, v. St. Louis Southwest-
ern Railway Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 441. Traders Compress Company, petitioner, v. Maurice J.
Tobin, Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor. Mo-
tion of petitioner to substitute Martin P. Durkin, present Secretary
of Labor, as the party respondent herein in the place and stead of
Maurice J. Tobin, former Secretary, granted. Petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 252, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 196, Misc. Elmer Stevens Whiting, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 246, Misc. William J. Clark, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 254, Misc. John T. McQuaid, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 274, Misc. Lyle Woollomes, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 284, Misc. John Kells, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 285, Misc. T. H. Henson, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General,
Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 287, Misc. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
$
17
ܐ ,
2
K
i
h

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
136
No. 288, Misc. Paul Kocielko, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 296, Misc. Carl Preston Spencer, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
General Sessions of New York, New York County, denied.
No. 297, Misc. E. J. Moore, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 301, Misc. Albert Edward Bowen, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 305, Misc. Robert L. Chesney, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
of the County of Los Angeles of California, Appellate Department,
denied.
No. 306, Misc. Lawrence O'Connell, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 309, Misc. John J. Holly, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 313, Misc. Roland R. Mosher, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 316, Misc. John McGhee, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 318, Misc. Earnest Connors, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 328, Misc. Lew Wallace, nee Louis Goldberg, petitioner, v.
Oswald D. Heck, as Assemblyman and Speaker of the State Assem-
bly of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 303, Misc. John Henley, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record
and a motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a
writ of certiorari is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit also denied.
1
$

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
137
No. 294, Misc. Clark Campbell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania et al.;
No. 295, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. Herbert H. Hann,
Warden;
No. 317, Misc. George W. Henry, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Baldi,
Superintendent, etc.; and
No. 320, Misc. James R. Riley, petitioner, v. Louis Steinberg, M. D.
| Supt., Elgin State Hospital. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 308, Misc. William A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
and for other relief denied.
No. 323, Misc. Harry G. Geach, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 9, until Mon-
day, March 9, next.
No. 384. William Albertson and the Communist Party of the State
of Michigan, a Voluntary, Unincorporated Association, appellants,
v. Frank G. Millard, Attorney General of the State of Michigan, et al.
Owen J. Cleary, present Secretary of State of the State of Michigan
substituted as a party appellee in the place and stead of Fred M.
Alger, Jr., retired, on motion of Mr. Ernest Goodman in that behalf.
Motion to substitute Joseph A. Childs, present Commissioner of the
Michigan State Police and Donald S. Leonard, present Chief of
Police of the City of Detroit, Michigan, as parties appellee in the
place and stead of Donald S. Leonard, resigned, and George F. Boos,
resigned, respectively, submitted by Mr. Ernest Goodman in that
behalf.
No. 384. William Albertson and the Communist Party of the State
of Michigan, a Voluntary, Unincorporated Association, appellants, v.
Frank G. Millard, Attorney General of the State of Michigan, et al.
Argued by Mr. Ernest Goodman for the appellants and by Mr.
Edmund E. Shepherd for the appellees.
No. 290. Ernest A. Watson and M. Gladys Watson, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Arthur Mc-
Gregor for the petitioners and by Mr. Ellis N. Slack for the respondent.
包

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1953
138
No. 296. Alstate Construction Company, petitioner, v. Martin P.
Durkin, Secretary of the United States Department of Labor. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. S. A. Schreckengaust, Jr. for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos. 296,
410, 340, 341, 302, 404, 422, 426, and 439.
✓

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1953
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
J. St. Clair Favrot, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. James
H. Morrison; Isaac K. Hay, of Covington, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Edward M. Reidy; John F. Harding, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Hugh Lynch, Jr.; Herbert Lasky, of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. Irving K. Schwartz; Manuel Lee Robbins, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Howell John Hatcher; Will M. Preston, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr.; Kenyon Carl Keller, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Dayton M. Harrington;
John Nicholas Nassikas, of Manchester, N. H., on motion of Mr. Mac
Asbill, Jr.; and William Palmer Witman, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Cornelius J. Peck, were admitted to practice.
No. 296. Alstate Construction Company, petitioner, v. Martin P.
Durkin, Secretary of the United States Department of Labor. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. S. A. Schreckengaust, Jr., for the petitioner
and concluded by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
No. 410. Adam Thomas, petitioner, v. Hempt Brothers, a Partner-
ship. Argued by Mr. Henry C. Kessler, Jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. James H. Booser for the respondent.
No. 340. William B. Fowler, appellant, v. State of Rhode Island.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant and by Mr.
Raymond J. Pettine for the appellee.
No. 341. William Poulos, appellant, v. The State of New Hamp-
shire. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant and
by Mr. Gordon M. Tiffany for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos.
302, 404, 426, 422, and 439.
Х
200218-53--51

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1953
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Robert B. Halloran, of Newport, Ky., on motion of Mr. Brent
Spence; Claude Porter Dowis, of Lansing, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Kit F. Clardy; Henry R. Carr, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. W.
C. Lantaff; William A. Patty, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Eugene F. Bogan; Daniel R. Ohlbaum, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Benedict P. Cottone; Frederick K. Randolph, of Hamilton,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Page Belcher; William S. Gordon, Jr., of
Wethersfield, Conn., on motion of Mr. George J. Bott; Lloyd E.
McMurray, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer;
and S. Wesley Powell, of Hampton Falls, N. H., on motion of Mr.
Neil Tolman, were admitted to practice.
No. 302. Claiborne Dameron, petitioner, v. A. S. Brodhead, Mana-
ger of Revenue and Ex-Officio Treasurer of the City and County of
Denver. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Leonard M. Campbell for the respondent.
No. 404. Warner D. Orvis, Homer W. Orvis, Floyd Y. Keeler, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. James P. McGranery, Attorney General of the
United States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Her-
bert Brownell, Jr., present Attorney General, substituted as the party
respondent herein in the place and stead of James P. McGranery,
fomer Attorney General, on motion of Mr. James L. Morrisson in that
behalf.
No. 404. Warner D. Orvis, Homer W. Orvis, Floyd Y. Keeler, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the
United States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Argued
by Mr. Donald Marks for the petitioners and by Mr. James L. Morris-
son for the respondent.
No. 426. William Heikkila, appellant, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of the Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service for the Thirteenth Immigration District, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Joseph Forer for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 426,
422, and 439.
Х
200218-53- -52
20
H
1

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1953
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Marion J. Blake, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. John L. McClel-
land; Alfred J. Skaf, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip
Goldstein; Harvey Burnstein, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. James Lee Rankin; Marion W. Moore, of Covington, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Willmer A. Hill; Saul Stephan Davis, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip M. Baker; William E. Kirk, Jr., of
Charleston, W. Va., and Joseph A. Sommer, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Howard; and Reginald B. Jackson, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George E. C. Hayes, were
admitted to practice.
No. 426. William Heikkila, appellant, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of the Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service for the Thirteenth Immigration District, et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Lloyd E. McMurray for the appellant and
concluded by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the appellees.
No. 422. Robert W. Burns and Herman P. Dennis, Jr., petitioners,
v. Robert A. Lovett, Secretary of Defense, et al. Charles E. Wilson,
present Secretary of Defense, substituted as a party respondent herein
in the place and stead of Robert A. Lovett, former Secretary of De-
fense, and Harold E. Talbott, present Secretary of the Air Force.
substituted as a party respondent in the place and stead of Thomas K.
Finletter, former Secretary of the Air Force, on motion of Mr. Robert
L. Carter in that behalf.
No. 422. Robert W. Burns and Herman P. Dennis, Jr., petitioners,
v. Charles E. Wilson. Secretary of Defense, et al. Argued by Mr.
Robert L. Carter and Mr. Frank D. Reeves for the petitioners and by
Mr. Solicitor General Cummings for the respondents.
No. 439. Louis Levinson and Mitchell A. Hall, petitioners, v.
William Deupree, Jr., Ancillary Administrator of the Estate of
Katherine Wing, Deceased. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles.
E. Lester for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Robert S. Marx
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 6, will be as follows: No. 439.
☑
200218-53- -53
NO

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1953
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Gladstone L. Kohloss, of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. James
R. Golden, was admitted to practice.
No. 439. Louis Levinson and Mitchell A. Hall, petitioners, v. Wil-
liam Deupree, Jr., Ancillary Administrator of the Estate of Katherine
Wing, Deceased. Argument continued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Charles E. Lester for the petitioners.
Memorandum to come from counsel for petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, February 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
200218-53-
-54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Rayfield Lundy, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clyde
Gilman Doyle; James K. Groves, of Grand Junction, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Wayne N. Aspinall; Sam Pickard, Jr., of El Dorado, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Oren Harris; Carl B. Munck, of Oakland, Calif., on
motion of Mr. John J. Allen, Jr.; Harry H. Ruskin, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph Rosenbaum; Pomeroy Sinnock, Jr., of Mount
Summit, Ind., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; Walter J. Cahill,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Charles Orlando Pratt; Wayne
T. Geissiner, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb;
George W. Herz, of Ridgewood, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leo Brown;
Truman H. Luhrman, of New York, N. Y., and James H. Tully, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ira L. Ewers; Robert Markewich,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur M. Becker; Richard
Edmund Minor Ely, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Richard P.
Whiteley; Charles Jules Rose, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Dayton M. Harrington; Mitchell Edmond Giblo, of Annapolis, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Frederick H. Livingstone; John Clarke Mason, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Willard W. Gatchell; James William
Faulkner, of Joliet, Ill., and Thomas P. Faulkner, of Joliet, Ill., on
motion of Mr. James E. Markham; Fred D. Turnage, of Ayden, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. James E. Kilday; Frank Joseph Zito, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. John Franklin Fort; Wayne K. Hill, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Michael F. Markel; Joseph Zorn, of
White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker; and Charles
C. Martin, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. George G. McCoy, were
admitted to practice.
No. 66. Marcel Max Lutwak, Munio Knoll, and Regina Treitler,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Min-
ton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
200218-53-55

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
144
No. 295. Arnett M. Howard, Kenneth M. Johnson, Edward W.
Michey, et al., appellants, v. The Commissioners of the Sinking Fund
of the City of Louisville et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus
tice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 17. Kwong Hai Chew, petitioner, v. Captain Svend Colding,
Master of the SS "Sir John Franklin," and Edward J. Shaughnessy,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Minton dissents.
No. 187. William E. Bode, Isaac Sandridge, R. E. Sponsler, et al.,
appellants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State
of Illinois, et al., and
No. 274. Co-Ordinated Transport, Inc. of Illinois, et al., appel-
lants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judg-
ments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Burton concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 23. The City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner,
v. The Willett Company, an Illinois Corporation. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois for proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed concurring
in the judgment in which the Chief Justice joins. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 32. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, the Warden
of the Central Prison of the State of North Carolina at Raleigh, North
Carolina;
No. 22. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina; and
No. 20. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v. Rob-
ert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Carolina.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the
result for the reasons stated in a separate opinion. Statement by
Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Clark joining in the judgment
#

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
145
of the Court and concurring in part in the opinion of the Court.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 31. The United States of America, ex rel. James Smith, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia
County Prison. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas join.
No. 499. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lane Motor
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Petition for writ of certio-
rari granted. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Opin-
ion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 5, Original. October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
Complainant, v. The State of New York and the City of New York.
The motion of the State of New Jersey for leave to file amended and
supplemental answer is granted. The motion of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania for leave to file amended answer is granted. The
motion of the City of Philadelphia for leave to intervene is assigned
for argument on Monday, March 9, next, twenty minutes to be al-
lowed each party appearing.
No. 14. Robert M. Wieman, Nancy Kent Ziebur, Werner C. Baum,
et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Updegraff, The Board of Regents of the
Oklahoma Agricultural Colleges, et al. The motion of appellee Up-
degraff as to taxation of costs is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 226. J. Lauritzen, petitioner, v. Evald Johann Larsen. The
motion for leave to file brief of the Danish Sailors' and Firemen's
Union, New York Branch, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 384. William Albertson and the Communist Party of the
State of Michigan, a Voluntary, Unincorporated Association, appel-
lants, v. Frank G. Millard, Attorney General of the State of Michigan,
et al. The motion to substitute Joseph A. Childs, present Commis-
24
4

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
146
sioner of the Michigan State Police and Donald S. Leonard, present
Chief of Police of the City of Detroit, Michigan, as parties appellee
in the place and stead of Donald S. Leonard, resigned, and George
F. Boos, resigned, respectively, is granted.
No. 509. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v.
Joseph H. Koppal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted limited to
questions 1 and 2 presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 411. Charles Mullen, petitioner, v. Fitz Simons and Connell
Dredge and Dock Company, a Corporation. Motion to dispense with
printing the petition and record granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 504. The Stilley Plywood Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 507. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 513. Earl Suver and Arthur Chaney, petitioners, v. Common-
wealth of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 514. Jewell Frizzell, petitioner, v. Wabash Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 519. Sig Ellingson & Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
R. T. DeVries, Sr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 520. Sig Ellingson & Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
E. C. Butenbach, d/b/a Garner Sales Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 530. Hansen Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
General Time Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 9. Wilbur C. King et al., as and Constituting the Florida
Railroad and Public Utilities Commission, appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
147
No. 300, Misc. In re Disbarment of Norman J. Griffin. It is
ordered that Norman J. Griffin, of Philadelphia, Pa., be suspended
from the practice of the law in this Court and that a rule issue, re-
turnable within 40 days, requiring him to show cause why he should
not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
No. 277, Misc. Ralph Mahoney, a Minor, etc., petitioner, v.
Sarah Edna Bowles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 298, Misc. Mrs. Lillian Davis Glenn, as Administratrix of
the Estate of John Edward Glenn, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 299, Misc. Robert (Ezekiel) Obie, petitioner, v. State of
Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of In-
diana denied.
No. 304, Misc. Roy Fink, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 314, Misc. Joseph M. Brennan, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 315, Misc. Fausto DeLorenzo, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 321, Misc. Emanuel Scott, petitioner, v. John E. Babb, as
Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 325, Misc. Harold A. Gadsden, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 326, Misc. James I. Hardman, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 332, Misc. Richard Clark, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Lake
County, Ill., denied.
No. 335, Misc. Paul Malek, petitioner, v. Warden, Michigan
State Prison, Jackson, Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1953
148
No. 322, Misc. Charles W. Enders, petitioner, v. Emery E.
Jacques, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 324, Misc. Vito Gerundo, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied for the reason
that application therefor was not made within the time provided by
law (28 U. S. C. Sec. 2101 (d); Rule 382 of the Rules of the Supreme
Court).
No. 302, Misc. Nicholas J. Curtis, petitioner, v. Phillip Forman,
U. S. District Judge, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus or prohibition denied.
No. 310, Misc. Vito Gerundo, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, etc.;
No. 311, Misc. Charles Wesley Edwards, petitioner, v. Dr. Wini-
fred Overholser;
No. 312, Misc. Russell Emerson, petitioner, v. Harlan S. Calla-
han, Sheriff of King County, Washington;
No. 329, Misc. Winston Posey, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden of the Indiana State Prison; and
No. 330, Misc. William Henry Graham, petitioner, v. Alfred F.
Dowd, Warden of the Indiana State Prison. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 333, Misc. John H. Allen, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 287,
330 (and 378), 374 (and 375), 440, and 442.
1.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
| Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Thomas Edward Cole, of Knoxville, Tenn., David Loeb Krupsaw,
of Washington, D. C., and John Thomas Gilbertson, of Knoxville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern;
Joseph D. Mladinov, of Tacoma, Wash., on motion of Mr. Warren.
G. Magnuson; Edward Rooney, of Topeka, Kans., and Jacob Alan
Dickinson, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoep-
pel; D. Bailey Merrill, of Evansville, Ind., on motion of Mr. William
E. Jenner; Roscoe Pickett, Jr., of Jasper, Ga., Richard David Carr,
of Atlanta, Ga., Garland T. Byrd, of Reynolds, Ga., Pete Wheeler, of
Crawford, Ga., Howard Thomas Overby, of Gainesville, Ga., and Jack
Murr, of Americus, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis; Samuel N.
Burts, of Spartanburg, S. C., and Hugo S. Sims, of Orangeburg, S. C.,
on motion of Mr. Jos. R. Bryson; Adrian A. Cote, of Lewiston, Maine,
on motion of Mr. Robert Hale; Ambert D. Morgan, of Herrin, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Chauncey W. Reed; Dwight L. Rogers, Jr., of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dwight L. Rogers; William E.
Shannon, of Davenport, Iowa, Meyer H. Dreety, of Dayton, Ohio,
Fred B. Hammond, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., and Hubert L. Allens-
worth, of Lubbock, Tex., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon;
Jeremiah Buckley, of Chicago, Ill., and Edward R. Finnegan, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edgar A. Jonas; Claude Fendall
Cooper, of Blytheville, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. L. Pope; Robert
Lee McCarty, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Northcutt Ely;
Carl Edward Lundin, Jr., of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Her-
bert Elliott Ost; Sidney A. Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Edward Ash; Ewell Lee Smith, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Everett M. Raffel, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Vincent P. Rao, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Mario C. Constantini; Harland B. Cope, of Pratt, Kans., on
motion of Mr. Robert E. Cummings; T. M. Fieschko, of Highland
Park, N. J., and Arnold S. Worfolk, of Manhasset, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. John J. Gibson, Jr.; Lawrence J. M. Rice, of Takoma Park,
Md., on motion of Mr. Josephus C. Trimble; Thomas F. Turley, Jr.,
of Memphis, Tenn., and Cooper Turner, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. John J. Wilson; Rudolph Stand, of New York, N. Y.,
200218-53--56

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
150
on motion of Mrs. Loretta M. Coots; Robert E. M. Shuff, of Akron,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Ray R. Murdock; Robert Thomas Bryan, Jr.,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Felthan Watson; Raymond G.
Brodahl, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker;
Vernon Ralph Gould, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Hal J.
Webb; James J. Thornton, of New York, N. Y., John Suglia, of
New York, N. Y., John Vincent Thornton, of New York, N. Y., and
Edward L. Ryan, of Troy, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John P. McGrath;
Aaron Levy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roger S. Foster;
Harry Lee Dyer, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Zolla B. Hyde;
Herbert W. Varner, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Roger E.
Johnson; Robert M. Landis, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Abraham L. Freedman; Norman Edward Jorgensen, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Seymour Krieger; Orville O. Gold, of Kan-
sas City, Mo., and Dewitt C. Briggs, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Albert L. Reeves, Jr.; Herbert Silberman, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner; Charles W. Davis, of Van-
dalia, Ill., on motion of Mr. Paul E. Treusch; and Alfred Feingold,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. M. Taft Woodruff, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 278. Robert Ramspeck et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trial Ex-
aminers Conference et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment
of Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia with directions to dismiss
the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr.
Justice Douglas concur..
No. 53. American Newspaper Publishers Association, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of
Court of Appeals sustaining dismissal of the complaint, insofar as
it was based upon § 8 (b) (6) of the National Labor Relations Act,
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark in
which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 238. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gamble
Enterprises, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and cause remanded to it for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark in which the Chief Justice joins.
1
ป

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
151
No. 318. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Rockaway
News Supply Co., Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Minton concur.
No. 444. Stanley J. Orloff, petitioner, v. Colonel Rex E. Wil-
loughby, Commandant of Fort Lawton, Seattle, Washington. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Washington. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 293. Unexcelled Chemical Corporation, formerly Unexcelled
Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
New Jersey for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 340. William B. Fowler, appellant, v. State of Rhode Island.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Rhode Island. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter concurs in the opinion of the Court with the exception noted.
Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result.
No. 87. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward A.
Rumely. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Black concurs. Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Minton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph Kahri-
ger. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and case remanded
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
狐
Sept

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
152
No. 296. Alstate Construction Company, petitioner, v. Martin P.
Durkin, Secretary of the United States Department of Labor. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs.
No. 410. Adam Thomas, petitioner, v. Hempt Brothers, a Partner-
ship. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed with costs and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 21. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Patricia J.
Reynolds, Phyllis Brauner, and Elizabeth Palya. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
for further proceedings consistent with the views expressed in the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 451. Grady D. Allen, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction (28 U. S. C. § 1257 (2)). The
petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
H
12
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 203. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. The motion to modify the
judgment is denied.
No. 374. The Times-Picayune Publishing Company et al., appel-
lants, v. United States of America. The motion for leave to file
brief of Post Publishing Company of Boston and for leave to appear
and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 378. The United States of America, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
40

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
153
Tennessee, et al. The motion of appellant to substitute Z. D. Atkins,
present Commissioner of Finance and Taxation, as a party appellee in
the place and stead of J. M. Dickinson is granted.
No. 371. Gaynor News Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted..
No. 498. Maryland Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Ger-
trude Picard Cushing et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 517. Olive B. Barrows, Richard Pikaar, and M. M. O'Gara,
petitioners, v. Leola Jackson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District,
granted.
No. 567. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. RCA
Communications, Incorporated; and
No. 568. Mackay Radio and Telegraph 'Company, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. RCA Communications, Incorporated. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 512. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Ral-
ston Purina Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 521. Central Bank, a Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 525. The New York, New Haven, and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Mrs. George Nothnagle et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 566. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, petitioner, v. Edwin J. Bohnen, Executor of the Estate
of Mary A. Bohnen, and Individually, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 533. Patrick E. Irvine, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Motion to proceed on the typewritten record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, granted.
No. 548. Harry Renton Bridges, Henry Schmidt, and J. R. Robert-
son, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
200218-53--57

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
154
cuit granted limited to questions 1 and 2 presented by the petition for
the writ. Motions for leave to file briefs of International Longshore-
men's & Warehousemen's Union and Local 8, International Long-
shoremen's & Warehousemen's Union, and others, as amici curiae, in
Nos. 548 and 549 are denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 102, Misc. James Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia granted and case
transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 264. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent, Philadelphia
County Prison, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America, ex rel.
David Almeida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 427. Agra B. Williams, petitioner, v. The Virginia Military
Institute, a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 445. Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks of the United
States of America, petitioner, v. George R. Joslyn et al.; and
No. 501. New Jersey Equities Company and Horace A. Young, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioners, v. George R. Joslyn et al. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 471. Gus Hall, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 522. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gus Hall.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 476. Robert Glenn Johnson, Sr., L. P. Johnson, James Parks,
and Ike Welborn, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 500. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1948
Plymouth Sedan, Engine No. P15-590266, Serial No. 11842034, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 515. Bonwit Teller, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 518. Deena Artware, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
155
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 524. Pennsylvania Threshermen & Farmers' Mutual Casualty
Insurance Company, petitioner, v. V. L. Phillips & Company, Incorpo-
rated, and V. Lance Phillips. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 528. Anthony D. Duke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 529. Marjorie F. Ridgely Saulsbury, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 534. Anthony Cefaratti, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 539. Harry Byers and Byers Transportation Company, Incor-
porated, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 543. Richard Griffin, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 545. Mattie J. Lewis, Richmond Investment Co., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 546. Caldwell Furniture Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 547. Aquilla Redditt, James Williford Redditt, and Mildred
Ion Redditt, non compos mentis, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James C.
Hale, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 550. United States of America, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burling-
ton and Quincy Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 552. Mid-States Freight Lines, Incorporated, et al., petitioners,
v. Spencer E. Bates et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for New York denied.
No. 553. Benjamin L. Smith and Michael J. Gaul, petitioners, v.
Steamship "Mormacdale” and Steamship "Robert Luckenbach.” Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.

x
MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
156
No. 554. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen,
petitioner, v. Central of Georgia Railway Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 557. Pan American Petroleum & Transport Company, peti-
tioner, v. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 560. Love Tractor, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Continental
Farm Equipment Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 561. Oran H. Rupert, petitioner, v. The Empire District Elec-
trict Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 562. Spring Packing Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Waste Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 564. Milwaukee Towne Corporation, petitioner, v. Loew's, In-
corporated, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 569. Miles Shoes Incorporated, petitioner, v. R. H. Macy and
Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 571. Harry I. Mattson, Charles V. Wellner, and William A.
Kaffer, etc., petitioners, v. Belle Heggie Birkett et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 579. James Robert Bacom, petitioner, v. James A. Sullivan, as
Sheriff of Dade County, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 601. Randolph Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Specialties De-
velopment Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 487. Ted Vernon Head, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to proceed on the typewritten record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 526. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The United
States Cartridge Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari
"

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
157
should be granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 536. Robert Russell Tyrrell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 541. James P. McGranery, Attorney General of the United
States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
Paul Wm. Vort et al., Trustees, etc.; and
No. 542. Paul Wm. Vort et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. James
P. McGranery, Attorney General of the United States. The motion
to substitute Herbert Brownell, Jr., present Attorney General, in the
place and stead of James P. McGranery, resigned, is granted. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 563. Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee et al., petitioners,
v. James P. McGranery, Attorney General of the United States. The
motion to substitute Herbert Brownell, Jr., present Attorney General,
as the party respondent in the place and stead of James P. McGran-
ery, resigned, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 35. Eastern Motor Express, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, and Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al.; and
No. 37. Lloyd A. Fry Roofing Company, petitioner, v. Scott Wood
et al., as Arkansas Public Service Commission. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 60. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Charles
E. O'Rourke. The motion for leave to file brief of Order of Railway
Conductors, Pennsylvania Railroad Lines East et al., as amici curiae
is denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 75. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Motion Picture
Advertising Service Company, Inc.;
No. 102. Eddie Bratburd and Ruth E. Bratburd, petitioners, v.
State of Maryland;
No. 320. Prock Stone, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and St.
Louis Railroad Company;
No. 365. Jack Dragna, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California;

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
158
No. 425. Holmes Projector Company, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 465. Air Transport Associates, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board;
No. 481. Raymond W. Clawson, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 485. Margaret Penn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 491. Hoxsey Cancer Clinic, a Partnership, and Harry M.
Hoxsey, an Individual, petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 503. Herrin Transportation Co., Inc., Mobile Express, Inc., and
Robert T. Herrin, appellants, v. United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 505. Malone Freight Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.; and
No. 507. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 80, Misc. October Term, 1950. Thomas Gibbs, petitioner, v.
R. E. Bushong, Superintendent. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 204, Misc. Philip Frankfeld, George Aloysius Meyers, Leroy
Hand Wood, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Motion
for leave to file brief of Sam Houston Allen, and others, as amici
curiae denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 294, Misc. Clark Campbell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania et al.; and
No. 328, Misc. Lew Wallace, nee Louis Goldberg, petitioner, v.
Oswald D. Heck, as Assemblyman and Speaker of the State Assembly
of New York. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 239, Misc. Robert Lee Alexander, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 245, Misc. James E. Bishop, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 290, Misc. Clayton Octave Fouquette, petitioner, v. Arthur E.
Bernard, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 291, Misc. Lillian Lynn, petitioner, v. Jay J. Lynn. Petition
for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada and Second Judicial
District Court of Nevada, Washoe County, denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
159
No. 319, Misc. William Lee, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 327, Misc. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 334, Misc. Jesse Maughs, petitioner, v. M. L. Royster, Supt. of
State Prison Farm. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 337, Misc. Gordon K. Darcy, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 339, Misc. Lewis Carpenter, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 342, Misc. Richard Gilmore, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 343, Misc. Raymond C. Humes, petitioner, v. State of Maine.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine
denied.
No. 344, Misc. Francis Stelloh, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 348, Misc. John F. Brennan, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 351, Misc. Emanuel Cannady, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 365, Misc. Jimmie Lee Brown, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 338, Misc. Otis Loper, petitioner, v. Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
No. 340, Misc. Jesse W. Connor, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Cus-
todian of Florida State Prison; and
No. 350, Misc. William Watkins, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1953
ORDER
160
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 16, until Monday,
April 6, next.
No. 5, Original. October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
Complainant, v. The State of New York and the City of New York.
Argued on the motion of the City of Philadelphia for leave to inter-
vene by Mr. Abraham L. Freedman for the movant in support of the
motion, and by Mr. John P. McGrath for the City of New York, by
Mr. Edward L. Ryan for the State of New York, by Mr. Bernard G.
Segal for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and by Mr. Kenneth
H. Murray for the State of New Jersey in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 287,
☐ 330 (and 378), 374 (and 375), 440, and 442.
☑
hapt

TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1953
161
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Patrick J. Hillings, of Arcadia, Calif., and William F. Price, of
Arcadia, Calif., on motion of Mr. Vice President Richard M. Nixon;
E. Ross Adair, of Fort Wayne, Ind., and James Anthony Angelone,
of Butler, Ind., on motion of Mr. Shepard J. Crumpacker, Jr.; Leo
E. Berson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore Dollinger;
John A. McNiff, of Lawrence, Mass., on motion of Mr. Thomas J.
Lane; Rebecca Roberts Shelly, of Norristown, Pa., on motion of Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Cox; J. Clarence Young, of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. Horace O. Pollard; Bernard J. Mellman, of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Sidney M. Glazer, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Morris A.
Shenker; Robert D. L'Heureux, of Manchester, N. H., on motion of
Mr. James John Hayden; John J. Donohue, of Albany, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Thomas H. King; and Barrington D. Parker, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George E. C. Hayes, were admitted
to practice.
No. 287. Al Polizzi, petitioner, v. Cowles Magazines, Inc. Argued
by Mr. A. C. Dressler for the petitioner and by Mr. Manuel Lee Rob-
bins for the respondent.
No. 330. Esso Standard Oil Company, appellant, v. James Clarence
Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of Ten-
nessee, et al.; and
No. 378. The United States of America, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
Tennessee et al. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the appellant in
No. 378, by Mr. William Waller for the appellant in No. 330, and by
Mr. K. Harlan Dodson, Jr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos. 374
(and 375), 440, and 442.
Х
200218-53--58

i
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1953
162
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Joe M. Kilgore, of McAllen, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lloyd M.
Bentsen, Jr.; William James Lemmon, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Miss Helen Newman; John Henley Eversole, of Phoenix, Ariz.,
Edward W. Scruggs, of Tucson, Ariz., Henry G. Zipf, of Tucson,
Ariz., and John J. Rhodes, of Mesa, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Burr
Sutter; Alan Y. Cole, of Washington, D. C., and Richard Watson
Best, of Fort Gaines, Ga., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral Robert L. Stern; Herman Goldman, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Elkan Turk; Harry S. Benjamin, Jr., of Huntington
Woods, Mich., on motion of Mr. Craig S. Atkins; Charlotte P. Mur-
phy, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank Barrett; John C.
Lacy, of Brookline, Mass., on motion of Mr. Francis X. Driscoll;
Henry J. Clay, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Monroe Kara-
sik; Robert Carey, Jr., of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Leonard J.
Emmerglick; Harold L. Warner, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on motion
of Mr. William Caverly; James G. Choulas, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Kopeck; Stuart B. Bradley, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Harry Clifton Ames; Roger Wilfrid Marcoux,
of Auburn, Maine, on motion of Mr. John Marshall Martin, Jr.;
and David Scribner, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David
Rein, were admitted to practice.
No. 374. The Times-Picayune Publishing Company, et al., appel-
lants, v. United States of America; and
No. 375. United States of America, appellant, v. The Times-Pic-
ayune Publishing Company, et al. Argued by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Stern for the United States, by Mr. Edward O. Proctor for
the Post Publishing Company of Boston, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, by Mr. Ashton Phelps for the Times-Picayune Pub-
lishing Co., et al., by Mr. John T. Cahill for 98 Newspaper Publish-
ers, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 440. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gilbert As-
sociates, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Harry Baum for the petitioner.
No appearance for the respondents.
200218-53-59
43
75

1
!
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1953
163
No. 442. United States of America, appellant, v. James J. Carroll.
Argument commenced by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 12, will be as follows: No. 442.

THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1953
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
☐ Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William Earl Sharp, of Longview, Tex., and David C. Moore, of
Longview, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel, were admitted to
practice.
No. 442. United States of America, appellant, v. James J. Carroll.
Argument continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the appellant, by
Mr. Morris A. Shenker for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Mar-
vin E. Frankel for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, March 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
200218-583--60

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1953
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Thomas Henry Kuchel, of Anaheim, Calif., and Howard H.
Schmidt, of Monterey Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Vice President
Richard M. Nixon; Tate Earnest Carty, of Knoxville, Tenn., and
John Deaderick Kreis, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard
H. Baker; Irvin Richard McClellan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. John A. Kratz; Ringgold Hart, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Roger J. Whiteford; Melvin Edward Schaengold, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John J. O'Brien; David Fleming
Matchett, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler;
Charles R. Covert, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. George
M. Morris; Herbert Myerberg, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Israel J. Mendelson; Cyril Francis Brickfield, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Chauncey W. Reed; Kenneth B. Sherhouse, Jr., of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Claude Pepper; Joseph Andrew Robie,
of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward J. Hickey, Jr.; and Jacob
Levin, of Lorain, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert Stuart Erdahl, were
admitted to practice.
No. 139. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex
rel. Ignatz Mezei. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins.
No. 426. William Heikkila, appellant, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of the Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service for the Thirteenth Immigration District, et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Black joins.
200218-53--61

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1953
166
No. 86. Local Union No. 10, United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters, etc., et al., petitioners, v. O. J. Graham
et al., Partners, Trading as Graham Brothers. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 404. Warner D. Orvis, Homer W. Orvis, Floyd Y. Keeler, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the
United States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 28. The United States of America, on the relation of Oscar L.
Chapman, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v. The Federal Power
Commission and The Virginia Electric and Power Company; and
No. 29. The Virginia REA Association et al., petitioners, v. The
Federal Power Commission and The Virginia Electric and Power
Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases re-
manded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black
concur.
No. 258. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and Texas Citrus and Vegetable Growers and Shippers.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Missouri. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice
concurs. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 384. William Albertson and The Communist Party of the
State of Michigan, a Voluntary, Unincorporated Association, appel-
lants, v. Frank G. Millard, Attorney General of the State of Michigan,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Michigan. Judgment vacated and cause remanded to the
District Court with directions to vacate the restraining order it issued
and to hold the proceedings in abeyance a reasonable time pending
construction of the statute by the state courts either in pending liti-
gation or other litigation which may be instituted. Opinion per
S
یا

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1953
167
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. The motion for leave to file.
brief of Joseph W. Cash as amicus curiae is denied. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. The motion of Sidney Kartus et al. for leave to intervene
is denied.
No. 540. United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Gray
Nugent; and
No. 573. United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester Packer.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and cases transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 336. E. C. Johnson and Leila B. Johnson, Doing Business as
the Bramhall Company, petitioners, v. Martin P. Durkin, Secretary
of Labor, United States Department of Labor. Petitions for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 380. Pennington-Winter Costruction Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Martin P. Durkin, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Leslie D. Bloom and Ida Dubose, Guardians of Flora
Alward Rohnert, etc., petitioners, v. John W. Willis et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 497. Seatrain Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 502. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v. The
State of South Carolina, ex relatione of The Public Service Commis-
sion of South Carolina, et al. Petition for writ of certiorai to the
Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 544. Park and Tilford Distillers Corporation, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1953
168
No. 551. United States of America, petitioner, v. Hamilton Mar-
tell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 565. John A. Turini, petitioner, v. Allens Manufacturing Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 572. Padua Alarm Systems, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Gen-
eral Time Corporation and Anthony J. Parissi. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 582. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitoner, v. Ellen E. Zermani, Administratrix. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 585. J. I. Case Company, Bettendorf Works, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorai to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 494. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner, v. Ufa E. Guthrie, Town
of Suffield and The Malvy Realty Company. Motion to dispense
with printing the petition and record granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 578. Henrik Mannerfrid, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ca. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 598. The State of New York, petitioner, v. Joseph Cardinal,
Doing Business under the Name and Style of Cardinal Engineering
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied for the reason that application therefor was not
made within the time provided by law (28 U. S. C. § 2101 (c)).
No. 66. Marcel Max Lutwak, Munio Knoll, and Regina Treitler,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 490. Irene B. Whetstone, petitioner, v. Ernest J. Sauber, Direc-
tor of Internal Revenue; and
No. 325, Misc. Harold A. Gadsden, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 259, Misc. James Clark, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are
of the opinion the petition should be granted.
-
She

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1953
169
No. 331, Misc. Camilo Weston Leyra, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 345, Misc. Joseph Rushkowski, Jr., petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied for the reason that applica-
tion therefor was not made within the time provided by law (28
U. S. C. § 2101 (c)).
No. 349, Misc. Patrick J. Hirons, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 353, Misc. Otis Parsons, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 354, Misc. Raymond Harold Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. State
of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 360, Misc. John C. Mathews, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 364, Misc. James Earnest Coker, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 377, Misc. Cecil Denny, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Clay County,
Indiana, denied.
No. 367, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 384, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. M. E. Curtis. Ap-
plication for injunction denied.
No. 389, Misc. Clifford Pullins, petitioner, v. State of Ohio et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 406, Misc. Ex parte International Workers Order, Inc., Helen
Bobroff, Isadore Slitzan, et al., petitioners. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 6, will be as follows: Nos. 308, 488,
508, 509, 532, and 113.
✓

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Irving P. Kartell, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Irwin E. Schlussel, of New
York, N. Y., and Maurice J. Coughlin, of Erie, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Henry Lafayette Anderton,
of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. John Sparkman; Frank
Richards Schofield, of Green River, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Errett
P. Scrivner; Henry T. Matthews, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., and
Charles E. Browning, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J.
Kilday; Nelson S. Shapero, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr.
George D. O'Brien; Stanley Hillel Rudman, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. William J. Hughes, Jr.; Leonard H. Schlather, of
Casper, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; Constance
Kamberos, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Rus-
sell H. Markwell, of Galveston, Tex., and Robert Preston Shirley, of
Galveston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Malcolm Scott McCorquodale;
H. Hayne Crum, of Denmark, S. C., on motion of Mr. Fleming B.
Bomar; Maurice H. Rich, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph B. Friedman; Nathan Daniel Golden, of Washington, D.
C.,
on motion of Mr. Harold L. Schilz; Donald Stephen Ferito, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Edward W. Shepard; Joseph M. Caffall,
of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; George D.
Vail, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Austin Y. Bryan Jr.;
Joel David Wolfsohn, of Chicago, Ill., and Martin L. Friedman, of
Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Oscar L. Chapman; Ray D.
Jones, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., and Frederick J. Freel, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Ruby D. Garrett; Thomas Fennell Leary,
of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Morgan Paul
Ames, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. J. Edward Burroughs,
Jr.; Dennie Gooch, Jr., of Somerset, Ky., and William H. Downs, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Frank W. Barton; Frank C. Painter,
of Jackson, Mich., on motion of Mr. Milton Carl Denbo; Alvin
Hirsch, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward P. Morgan;
Irwin R. Buchalter, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. E. K.
Gubin; H. H. Baskin, Sr., of Clearwater, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Robert L. Heald; William John Hickey, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Edward J. Hickey, Jr.; L. Martin Gazik, of Arlington,
200218-53--62
BR
•
群

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
171
Va., on motion of Mr. John Paul Jones; Malcolm I. Frank, of St.
Louis, Mo.; on motion of Mr. Newell Blair; Warren H. Young, of
Christiansted, V. I. U. S., on motion of Mr. Delmar W. Holloman;
Charles L. Levin, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Theodore
Levin; and Eliot L. Richardson, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Philip Elman, were admitted to practice.
No. 440. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gilbert As-
sociates, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of New Hampshire. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Min-
ton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr.
Justice Reed joins.
No. 253. United States of America, petitioner, v. Certain Parcels
of Land in the County of Fairfax, Commonwealth of Virginia, and
Belle Haven Realty Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson in which Mr. Justice
Reed joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 193. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. George Huffman, In-
dividually and on behalf of a Class, etc., et al.; and
No. 194. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, etc., petitioner, v.
George Huffman, Individually, and on behalf of a Class, etc., et al.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with
costs. Judgment of the United States District Court for the Western
District of Kentucky affirmed and case remanded to that Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 205. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California and The California
Electric Power Company; and
No. 206. The County of Mineral, State of Nevada, a Political Sub-
division of the State of Nevada, petitioner, v. The Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California and The California Electric
Power Company, a Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of California. Judgments reversed and
cases remanded to the Supreme Court of California for proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
狐

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
172
tice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 302. Claiborne Dameron, petitioner, v. A. S. Brodhead, Man-
ager of Revenue and Ex Officio Treasurer of the City and County
of Denver. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Colorado. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Colorado for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 150. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation and Alexis I. duP.
Bayard, Receiver, petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company
et al.; and
No. 160. Meredith H. Metzger, Henry Offerman and J. S. Farlee &
Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Company et al. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Order of the division of the Court of Appeals denying
petitioners a rehearing vacated. Order of the full court denying
petitioners leave to file a motion to reinstate their petition for re-
hearing en banc vacated, and case remanded to the Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Separate opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 76. Edwin E. Healy and Gordon W. Hartfield, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 138. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Hall C.
Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals in No. 76
affirmed. Judgment in No. 138 reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
No. 5, Misc. In re Disbarment of Abraham J. Isserman. Ordered
that Abraham J. Isserman be disbarred from the practice of law in
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision in this proceeding.
No. 5, Original. October Term, 1950. The State of New Jersey,
plaintiff, vs. The State of New York. Motion of the City of Phila-
delphia for leave to intervene and file an answer denied. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
12
"

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
The Chief Justice said:
173
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Leland L. Tolman, of Washington, D. C., be, and
he hereby is, appointed a member of the Advisory Committee, ap-
pointed by the order of June 3, 1935, and designated as a continuing
Committee to advise the Court with respect to amendments or addi-
tions to the Rules of Civil Procedure for the District Courts of the
United States, by the order of January 5, 1942.
No. 548. Harry Renton Bridges, Henry Schmidt, and J. R. Robert-
son, petitioners, v. The United States of America. The petition for
enlargement of the scope of review is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 634. United States of America, appellant, v. Lester E. Grain-
ger;
No. 635. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere
and William G. Kennedy; and
No. 636. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere,
William G. Kennedy and A. L. Shapiro. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted. The cases are transferred to the summary docket
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 548.
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley
Klinger, William Cantor, and Morris Sandler. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted and the case assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing Nos. 634, 635, and 636. The motions of Stanley M. Klinger and
William Cantor for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted
and it is ordered that Louis Bender, Esquire, of New York City, be
appointed to serve as counsel for those respondents.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument on Monday, April 27, next.
No. 289. Harry S. Connelly and Marion E. Connelly et al., a Co-
partnership, etc., petitioners, v. Irene Ethel Jennings. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
כו

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
174
No. 446. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, Local Union Number 406,
et al., petitioners, v. Harold F. Postma, Doing Business as Harold F.
Postma Gravel Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 555. Leo Brown, Individually and as Guardian ad litem for
Joseph J. Brown, a Minor, and Joseph J. Brown, petitioners, v. Con-
tinental Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 559. The United States, petitioner, v. American Construction
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 577. Michael W. McCranie, by his Next Friend Mrs. Virginia
Smith McCranie, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 580. Pacific Atlantic Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Flor-
ence G. Holliday, as Administratrix of the Estate of Clinton Holli-
day, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 581. W. F. Vahlberg, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 583. Joseph H. Lyons and Jessie H. Lyons, Individually and
as Copartners Doing Business Under the Name and Style of Lyons
Electrical Distributing Company, petitioners, v. Westinghouse Elec-
tric Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 584. Glyco Products Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Federal Security Administrator; and
No. 610. Atlas Powder Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Oscar R. Ewing, Federal Security Administrator. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 586. Roy A. H. Knisely, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 587. Julie Johnson, petitioner, v. Clifford E. Halpin, Acting
Director of the Department of Revenue of the State of Illinois, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 588. The Warner & Swasey Company, petitioner, v. War Con-
tracts Price Adjustment Board, and Maurice Hirsch, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
200218-53-63
121
Yo

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
175
No. 589. James G. McConkey and Claudine W. McConkey, Hus-
band and Wife, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 590. Charles C. Kocmond, Matt Klarsch, and Robert Klotz,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 597. Chris C. Maletis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 600. Stanley Conforti, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 603. Nelson Radio and Supply Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Motorola, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 604. Isthmian Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Compania
de Navegacion Cebaco, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 605. Joseph F. Remelius and Anthony P. Araneo, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Lazarus Joseph, as Comptroller of the City of New York,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
York denied.
No. 606. A. B. Motors, Inc. et al., petitioners, v. Joseph Freehill,
Director of Price Stabilization. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 611. Michael Starego, petitioner, v. John Soboliski and Michael
Stofego. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 613. Pang-Tsu Mow and Ve-Shuen Hsiang, petitioners, v. Re-
public of China. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 615. Charles E. Wilson, as Secretary of Defense, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Clark F. Reynolds et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Circuit denied.
No. 618. Ray E. Friedman and American Produce Company, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Watson Moulthrope, petitioner, v. Edward Matus. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Con-
necticut denied.
mark
人

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
176
No. 620. The Buckeye Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Joseph
McDonough, Administrator of the Estate of William F. Kerr, De-
ceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 621. Edward D. Hendrickson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 633. Ole A. Jensen, petitioner, v. Peoples Finance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 638. Potlatch Oil & Refining Company, Jean P. Gerlough,
tSanley H. Hodgman, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The Ohio Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 348. Abraham J. Isserman, petitioner, v. Ethics Committee of
the Essex County Bar Association. Motion for leave to file brief of
National Lawyers Guild as amicus curiae is denied. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied. Mem-
orandum filed by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 576. United States of America, ex rel. Nereo Dolenz, petitioner,
v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director, New York, Immigra-
tion and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 167. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph
Kahriger;
No. 278. Robert Ramspeck et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trial
Examiners Conference et al.;
No. 444. Stanley J. Orloff, petitioner, v. Colonel Rex E. Wil-
loughby, Commandant of Fort Lawton, Seattle, Washington; and
No. 524. Pennsylvania Threshermen & Farmers' Mutual Casualty
Insurance Company, petitioner, v. V. L. Phillips & Company, Incor-
porated, and V. Lance Phillips. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 218. Refugio Roman Martinez, petitioner, v. Marcus T. Neelly,
Successor as of July 1, 1951, to Andrew Jordan, District Director,
Immigration and Naturalization Service; and
No. 274. Co-Ordinated Transport, Inc. of Illinois, et al., appel-
lants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State of the State of Illi-
nois, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
2

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
177
No. 252, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 299, Misc. October Term, 1951. Iva Ikuko Toguri d'Aquino,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Motion for leave to file
a second petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 300, Misc. In re Disbarment of Norman J. Griffin. An order
is entered disbarring Norman J. Griffin, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, from the further practice of the law in this Court.
No. 72, Misc. Frank Sukowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County of Illinois denied.
No. 307, Misc. Melvin Cramer, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County of Illinois denied.
No. 336, Misc. Clarence C. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 347, Misc. Patrick Clifford King, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 355, Misc. Joseph Nitch, petitioner, v. Superintendent of Nor-
wich State Hospital, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 356, Misc. Edward Bernatowicz, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 358, Misc. John Richard Bayless, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 359, Misc. H. W. McCutcheon and J. A. Frederick, petitioners,
v. State of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 361, Misc. Robert C. Burton and Jessie Burton, petitioners, v.
Jerome J. Waters, Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 368, Misc. Florence McMillan Goodman and Frances Brodsky,
petitioners, v. Ed Leigh McMillan. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.

1
MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
178
No. 369, Misc. Walter O. Olsen, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 372, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 373, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Munie,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 374, Misc. Thomas Joseph O'Brien, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 375, Misc. Olan Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 378, Misc. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 380, Misc. Celestian L. Strzep, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 383, Misc. Glenn Dale Atkins, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Crimi-
nal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 388, Misc. Frank A. Hourihan, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 391, Misc. Lafayette Miller, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 392, Misc. George C. Nickerson, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 395, Misc. Michael Deveny, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 400, Misc. Ralph Brink, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 411, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Stangard-Dick-
erson Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1953
179
No. 420, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Ollie Carey,
petitioner, v. Keeper of the Montgomery County Prison. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 293, Misc. Carl W. Burkholder, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 357, Misc. Macie Miller, petitioner, v. R. N. Eidson, Warden;
No. 362, Misc. William Bergen, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
State Penitentiary;
No. 370, Misc. Gerald Glen Boyden, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director, etc.;
No. 371, Misc. Harrison Tarver, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden, etc.;
No. 376, Misc. George E. Duncan, petitioner, v. Warden, Nebraska
State Penitentiary;
No. 379, Misc. Samuel White, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden; and
No. 393, Misc. In re Vincent Oppedisano, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 363, Misc. Arthur L. DeJordy, petitioner, v. State of Michigan
et al. Application denied.
No. 366, Misc. In the matter of the Application of Alexander G.
Jeronis, petitioner. Motion for preliminary injunction denied.
No. 409, Misc. William A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 13, until Monday,
April 27, next.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners v. United States of America. Six hours allowed for argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the petitioners,
Dalehite and certain others, and continued by Mr. Howard C. West-
wood for the petitioners, Dalehite and certain others.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 308,
488, 508, 509, 532, and 113.
1

1
TUESDAY, APRIL 7, 1953
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Walter D. McCloud, of Vienna, Va., and Edward L. Boisseree, of
Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; Joseph G. Feld-
man, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Harry Norman Ball, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Julian Robert Wilheim; Robert Dunn Symmes,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. W. Russell Mules; James B.
Utt, of Santa Ana, Calif., on motion of Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter;
Irving Levine, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Mordecai M.
Merker; Donald W. Nofri, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Hercules
V. Galie; William A. Sheehan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.; Leonard von Bibra Sutton, of Colorado
Springs, Colo., on motion of Mr. Carl F. Bauersfeld; Mortimer Feuer,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip Levy; Carleton S.
Connor, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward E. Rigney;
Robert O. Kiplinger, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Walter R.
Johnson; Frank James Whalen, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Frank S. Ketcham; Lawrence Dumas, Jr., of Birmingham,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Frederic A. Ballard; Abraham S. Goldstein,
of Washington, D. C., and Herbert J. Hansell, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Milton M. Gottesman; Drexel A. Sprecher, of
Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher, were admitted
to practice.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
titioners, v. United States of America. Argument continued by Mr.
Austin Y. Bryan, Jr., for the petitioners, Pan American Refining Cor-
poration et al., and by Mr. Morton Liftin and Mr. Oscar H. Davis
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 308,
488,508,509, 532, and 113.
☑
200218-53— -64
14
Wick

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1953
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Maurice A. Walsh, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Francis X. Fahy, of
New York, N. Y., and James Patrick Evers, of Hawthorne, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Richard S. Doyle; Morton L. Zubres, of Albany, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Sanford H. Bolz; Francis E. Koch, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Horace G. Hitchcock; Sherwood K. Booth, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. William Wolcott Goodrich; Bryan
F. Williams, Jr., of Galveston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C.
Perry; and Joseph N. Friedman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Philip Elman, were admitted to practice.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argument continued by Mr.
Oscar H. Davis for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. John Lord
O'Brian for petitioners, Dalehite and certain others.
No. 488. The Callanan Road Improvement Company, a Corpora-
tion, South Bethlehem, New York, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Cornell Steamboat
Company. Argued by Mr. William A. Roberts for the appellant,
by Mr. William J. Hickey for the appellees, United States and Inter-
state Commerce Commission, and by Mr. R. Granville Curry for the
appellee, Cornell Steamboat Company.
No. 508. United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Building Company, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman
for the petitioner and by Mr. Malcolm I. Frank for the respondent.
No. 509. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v.
Joseph H. Koppal. Argument commenced by Mr. Horace G. Hitch-
cock for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 509,
532, and 113.
200218-53--65
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1953
182
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Thomas T. Oyler, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Abe Fortas;
Asher H. Ende, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur A.
Gladstone; Harman Hawkins, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Eustace Seligman; Carl Morgenstern, of Hamilton, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Frederick K. Randolph; and Owen Gallagher, of Boston, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph Edward Casey, were admitted to practice.
No. 509. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph
H. Koppal. Argument continued by Mr. Horace G. Hitchcock for
the petitioner and by Mr. Fred J. Freel and Mr. Ray D. Jones, Jr., for
the respondent.
No. 532. United States of America, appellant, v. W. T. Grant Com-
pany,
S. H. Kress & Company, and John M. Hancock, et al. Argued
by Mr. Victor H. Kramer for the appellant; by Mr. Eustace Seligman
for the appellees, John M. Hancock et al.; by Mr. Abe Fortas for the
appellees, Kroger Company; and submitted by Mr. Harry H. Wiggins
for the appellee, S. H. Kress & Company.
No. 113. Roy Webber Tinder, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument commenced by Mr. William W. Koontz for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 10, will be as follows: No. 113.
Х
200218-53-66

FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1953
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Rudolph Naccarato, of Olympia, Wash., on motion of Mr. Henry M.
Jackson; Chat Chancellor, of Frankfort, Ky., on motion of Mr. Heber
H. Rice, were admitted to practice.
No. 113. Roy Webber Tinder, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument continued by Mr. William W. Koontz for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Murry Lee Randall for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
200218-53-67
The

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1953
184
SUPREME COURT. OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Leslie G. Johnson, of Logan, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William
Langer; John Giles Roberts, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Joseph Henry Stiller, of
Chicago, Ill., and William Henry Fields, of Aurora, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Chauncey W. Reed; James Otis Herrington, of San Antonio,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; R. E. Fendler, of Atlanta,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis; Max L. Chill, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Mary Rose Deering, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mrs. Ida Simrall Alys; Edward S. Cru-
dele, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Paul R. Harmel; William
Dalton McBee, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. William
C. Lewis, Jr.; Elihu Pearlman, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Eliot L. Richardson; Joseph Anton Bogan, Sr., of Elizabeth, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Wilbur Brice O'Brien; Raymond J. Budinger, of
Chicago, Ill., and Eugene William Lederer, of State College, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Heber H. Rice; Worth B. McCauley, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Labre R. Garcia; Jacob Jerome Kilim-
nik, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Harry P. Warner; James
Eben Hart, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Wesley E.
Disney; Warren M. Christopher, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Robert M. Vaughan; Wilbur D. Atkins, of Baton Rouge, La., on
motion of Mr. John L. Madden; Henry R. Rolph, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Clarence Lea; Robert Hastings Lounsbury,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip Bransfield Brown; J.
Lawrence Holleran, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald C.
Beeler; Louis Clark Stephens, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Oliver Ellis Stone; Eileen Colligan Morrissey, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John Carroll Morrissey; John L. MacDonnell, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Minor; Irvin M. Kent,
of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., and Bernard A. Feuerstein, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Roger M. Currier; and F. Morgan Anglin, of
Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. William R. Vallance, were admitted
to practice.
200218-53--68

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1953
185
No. 556. United States of America, appellant, v. L. P. Jones. Ap-
peal from the United States District for the Southern District of
Florida. Appeal remanded to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit for further proceedings. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 511. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey et al.,
appellants, w. The Department of Public Utilities, Board of Public
Utility Commissioners, State of New Jersey. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial fed-
eral question.
No. 648. October Term, 1951. The Bradley Mining Company, a
Corporation, petitioner, v. Edward H. Boice. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The petition for rehearing is granted. The order
entered May 5, 1952, denying certiorari is vacated and the petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The order of the division of the
Court of Appeals denying petition for rehearing en banc is vacated
and the case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in the light of Western Pacific Railroad Corporation v. Western
Pacific Railroad Company, Nos. 150 and 160, decided April 6, 1953.
No. 266. William H. Banks Warehouses, Inc., and John Alfred
Halford, petitioners, v. George L. Watt, William Watt, Roland Ul-
rich, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The order of the division of the Court
of Appeals denying petition for rehearing en banc is vacated and the
case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
the light of Western Pacific Railroad Corporation v. Western Pacific
Railroad Company, Nos. 150 and 160, decided April 6, 1953.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Professor James William Moore, of Yale Uni-
versity, be, and he is hereby, appointed a member of the Advisory
Committee, appointed by the order of June 3, 1935, and designated
as a continuing Committee to advise the Court with respect to amend-

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1953
186
ments or additions to the Rules of Civil Procedure for the District
Courts of the United States, by order of January 5, 1942.
Original. The State of Mississippi, complainant, v. The
State of Louisiana. A rule is ordered to issue returnable within forty
days, requiring the defendant to show cause why leave to file the bill
of complaint should not be granted.
No. 371. Gaynor News Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. The motion for leave to file brief of
N. A. A. C. P. Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc., as amicus
curiae is denied.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson,
Inc. The motion of the United States for leave to appear and pre-
sent oral argument as amicus curiae is granted and one hour is allowed
for that purpose.
No. 614. Bankers Life and Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The
Honorable John W. Holland, as Chief Judge of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida, et al. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit is granted limited to question 1 presented by the
petition for the writ and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 291. Wisconsin Michigan Power Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission; and
No. 294. State of Wisconsin and Public Service Commission of
Wisconsin, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 495. California Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 574. State of Wisconsin and Public Service Commission of
Wisconsin, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission; and
No. 575. Wisconsin Power and Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 599. M. H. Demko, as Administratrix of the Estate of M. I.
Anglin and as Trustee for M. I. Anglin, et al., petitioners, v. Lauder-
dale-By-The-Sea, a Municipal Corporation of the State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 608. William A. H. Howland, petitioner, v. Amber Justiz
!
!
1

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1953
187
Stitzer, now Remarried and Known as Mrs. Sherman Hawes, Jr., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 612. Franz Georg Bloch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 623. L. B. Binion, alias Benny Binion, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 624. Winthrop Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Marcelle, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, First District of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 625. Felipe Fernandez, petitioner, v. United Fruit Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 628. Abie A. Sher, petitioner, v. Clifford W. DeHaven and
Clayton Rose. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 537. L. S. "Bob" Cornett, petitioner, v. The State of Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be
granted.
No. 602. Alexandros Theodorakis, petitioner, v. John Xilas, as
Master; Theofana Maritime Company, Limited, as Owner, et al. Mo-
tion to dispense with printing the petition, brief, and record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 325, Misc. Harold A. Gadsden, petitioner, v. The United States.
Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 345, Misc. Joseph Rushkowski, Jr., petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden, et al. Petition for rehearing denied for the reason that the
application was not received within the time provided by Rule 33.
No. 273, Misc. Dale Word, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. Rule 37 (b) (2) of the
Rules of Criminal Procedure.

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1953
188
No. 381, Misc. Leonard H. Lundberg, petitioner, v. Emery E.
Jacques, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 390, Misc. Edward D. Malone, petitioner, v. Dr. Marion R.
King. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 401, Misc. On Lee, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 413, Misc. Luther C. Sykes, Jr., petitioner, v. E. T. Swenson,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 415, Misc. Wesley E. Enochs, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 416, Misc. Clyde Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madi-
son County, Illinois, denied.
No. 418, Misc. Clifford Webb, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 419, Misc. Trivis Rawlings, petitioner, v. Marion County Crim-
inal Court et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Marion County
Criminal Court of Indiana denied.
No. 397, Misc. Henry Elliott, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 371,
498, 512, 517, 521, 525, 566, 567 (and 568), 648, and 540 (and
573).
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Bruce Bennett, of El Dorado, Ark., on motion of Mr. Oren Harris;
William P. Dodds, of Beebe, Ark., on motion of Mr. Wilbur D. Mills;
Max E. Cooper, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and M. Jay Meckler, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern;
Ted P. Stockmar, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. E. D. Millikin;
Lester A. Ottenheimer, of East Chicago, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray J.
Madden; Louis I. Fisher, of Chicago, Ill., John L. East, Jr., of Chi-
cago, Ill., and John J. Hogan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Chauncey W. Reed; George R. Johnson, of Long Beach, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter; Mendon Morrill, of Paterson,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Joel David Wolfsohn; Edward M. Koza, of
Chicago, Ill., and David S. Ligon, of Manhasset, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; John C. Miles, of Los Angeles, Calif., and J.
Wallace McKnight, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John C.
Connaughton; Willis T. Barber, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Arnold B. Christen; Sylvia S. Ellison, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. James H. Shelton; Glenn D. Curtis, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Arthur L. Quinn; Edwin R. Fischer, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Donald H. Dalton; Hayden J. Price, of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Dwight L. Rogers; Albert Byrne
Litschgi, of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. F. Cleveland Hedrick;
Elizabeth Barnes Aduston Rogers, of Eutaw, Ala., and Arden L.
Andresen, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Roger S. Foster;
Bernard B. Laven, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Carl J.
Batter; Oscar J. Cadwallader, Jr., of Houston, Tex., Tracy Lovett
Riddle, of Jacksonville, Fla., and Clyde Germany Trammell, Jr., of
West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; René H.
Himel, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Eberhard P.
Deutsch; Abraham Fishbein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Gerhard Van Arkel; Isadore H. Y. Muchnick, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Eugene T. Kinnaly; Richardson Wadsworth Nahstoll,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Neil Brooks; Marion C. Ladwig,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Bernard Dunau; Charles A.
Kothe, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Sam Clammer; Morris B.
200218-53--69
1

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
190
Abram, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Harold F. Reis; Frederick
B. Cohen, of Bremerton, Wash., on motion of Mr. Albert Brick;
Joseph S. Dubin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M.
Brylawski; Haviland Hobbs, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. J. Austin Latimer; Harold A. Wasserman, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; Maxwell M. Albach, of Newark, N. J.,
and Jerome S. Lieb, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Maurice A.
Roberts; Samuel J. Stoll, of Jamaica, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert
Irving Dennison; Bernard Justin Greenfield, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Howard H. Schmidt; John Joseph Griffin, of Okla-
homa City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Peyton Ford; George J. Regan, of
Whitestone, N. Y., William Kerwick, of New York, N. Y., Anthony
J. DiPaola, of New York, N. Y., James Pasta, of Woodhaven, N. Y.,
Joseph Lonardo, of Flushing, N. Y., James P. McGrattan, of Rego
Park, N. Y., Anthony P. Savarese, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Peter T.
Farrell, of Jamaica, N. Y., George S. Ives, of Norwich, N. Y., Charles
Margett, of Jamaica, N. Y., Moses Arthur Feuer, of Long Island City,
N. Y., Bernard Dubin, of Forest Hills, N. Y., C. Parke Masterson, of
Long Island City, N. Y., Walter A. Maggiolo, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Leonard Capone, of Flushing, N. Y., Harold L. Strauss, of Rego
Park, N. Y., John M. Londergan, of Flushing, N. Y., Bernard M.
Patten, of Queens Village, N. Y., Alphonse P. Guardino, of Richmond
Hill, N. Y., Frank R. Klein, of Long Island City, N. Y., Frank J.
Crisona, of Far Rockaway, N. Y., Lawrence Peirez, of Woodside,
N. Y., Jerome Zachary Lorber, of Woodside, N. Y., John S. Groat, of
Queens Village, N. Y., Harold C. Fields, of Jamaica, N. Y., Dwyer W.
Shugrue, of Alexandria, Va., David Kusnetz, of Long Island City,
N. Y., Thomas P. Cullen, of Long Island City, N. Y., J. Wolfe Chas-
sen, of Ridgewood, N. Y., A. Edward Markowitz, of Long Island City,
N. Y., John F. Kreppein, of Flushing, N. Y., Harold Tessler, of
Jamaica, N. Y., and Lawrence T. Gresser, Jr., of Jamaica, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. William B. Groat, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 442. United States of America, appellant, v. James J. Carroll.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Missouri. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 303. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Sydney
Keith Scott, one of the Lloyds Underwriters, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals vacated with costs and cause re-
manded to that court for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting:
'

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
191
Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which the Chief Justice concurs.
No. 262. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals vacated and cause remanded to that court for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 341. William Poulos, appellant, v. The State of New Hamp-
shire. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New Hamp-
shire. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in the result. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 322. N. E. Pope et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Coast Line Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Georgia. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the Supreme Court of Georgia for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vin-
son. Concurring: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 662. Olin E. Darby, appellant, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 675. James Petty and Tom E. Deane, appellants, v. State of
Idaho. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Idaho. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a final judgment. 28 U. S. C., § 1257.
1.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 548. Harry Renton Bridges, Henry Schmidt, and J. R. Robert-
son, petitioners, v. The United States of America. The motions for
leave to file briefs of Western Mechanics Local 700, International
Union Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers of Los Angeles, and Interna-
'

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
192
tional Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union, as amici curiae,
are denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of these motions.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson
Company, Inc. The motion for leave to file brief of N. A. A. C. P.
Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc., as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 454. Frank Stoner and Irene Stoner, petitioners, v. Charles
Bellows and Downing & Bellows Co., Ltd. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 482. The Rosicrucian Fellowship, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Rosicrucian Fellowship Non-Sectarian Church, a Cor-
poration, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 531. S. Buchsbaum and Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 607. William J. Heitsch, Executor of the Estate of Janet H.
Heitsch, Deceased, petitioner, v. Giles Kavanagh, United States Col-
lector of Internal Revenue at Detroit, Michigan, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 616. Morristown Trust Co., as Executor of the Last Will and
Testament of Henry W. Williams, Deceased, petitioner, v. John E.
Manning, United States Internal Revenue Collector for the Fifth
District of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 622. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Isadore
Golonsky and Frank Gold. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 626. Ione S. Wynne, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 627. The H. J. Lewis Oyster Company, petitioner, v. The
United States, the State of Connecticut, Intervenor. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 630. William Sellas, petitioner, v. Jesse Kirk, as Range Man-
ager, Bureau of Land Management, Nevada Grazing District No. 4
Ely, Nevada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
193
No. 632. Oscar L. Mims, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 637. The Marine Midland Trust Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. John J. McGirl, Trustee of Solar Manufacturing Corpora-
tion, Debtor, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 639. Sanford Service Company, petitioner, v. Harold Caswell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Hammermill Paper Company, petitioner, v. City of Erie.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 642. Clarence E. Hood, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 645. Mines & Metals Corporation, Steel, Inc., Bertrand L. Ball,
et al., petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 650. Lester Rothschild, Individually and Trading as Gen-O-
Pak Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 652. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Ship-
owners and Merchants Towboat Co., Ltd., a Corporation, and Tug
Sea Fox, Inc., a Corporation, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 653. London and Lancashire Insurance Company, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. Gas Service Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 657. W. T. Odell, R. R. Ivey, J. A. Russell, et al., petitioners, v.
Humble Oil and Refining Company, a Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 659. Fargo Glass & Paint Co., petitioner, v. Globe American
Corporation and the Maytag Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 665. Jacob Lichter and Jennie L. Lichter, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
200218-53- -70

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
194
No. 672. The Biever Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. Chrysler
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 629. Alger Hiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 644. Banks and Rumbaugh, petitioner, v. Maurice J. Tobin,
Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor. The mo-
tion to substitute Martin P. Durkin, present Secretary of Labor, as
the party respondent in the place and stead of Maurice J. Tobin,
resigned, is granted. Petiiton for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 188, October Term, 1951. George Gillette, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 20. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners, v. Rob-
ert A. Allen, Warden, Central Prison of the State of North Carolina;
No. 22. Raleigh Speller, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, Warden,
Central Prison of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina;
No. 32. Clyde Brown, petitioner, v. Robert A. Allen, the Warden
of the Central Prison of the State of North Carolina at Raleigh,
North Carolina;
No. 129. Jessie C. Babb, petitioner, v. Mandel Benjamin, Chief of
the Chicago Area, Social Security Administration, et al.;
No. 264. Dr. Frederick S. Baldi, Superintendent, Philadelphia
County Prison, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America, ex
rel. David Almeida;
No. 426. William Heikkila, appellant, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of the Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service for the Thirteenth Immigration District, et al.;
No. 474. Leslie D. Bloom and Ida Dubose, Guardians of Flora
Alward Rohnert, etc., petitioners, v. John W. Willis et al.;
No. 586. Roy A. H. Knisely, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 364, Misc. James Earnest Coker, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California;
No. 372, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey;
No. 420, Mise. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Ollie Carey,
petitioner, v. Keeper of the Montgomery County Prison; and
No. 331, Misc. Camilo Weston Leyra, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petitions for rehearing denied.
$1

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
195
No. 2, Misc. In re Disbarment of Alger Hiss. An order is entered
disbarring Alger Hiss, of New York City, from the further practice
of the law in this Court. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this question.
No. 238, Misc. William Henry Ward, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 352, Misc. Alva Wallace, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 396, Misc. John Joseph Mango, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. Ivan M. Elchibegoff, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 405, Misc. Virgil Current petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 408, Misc. William Mahler, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 412, Misc. John Darman, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 414, Misc. Bernard H. Oliver, Jr., petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 423, Misc. Armando Corvino, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 424, Misc. Harold Lawrence, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 426, Misc. Bernard Ephraim, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 427, Misc. Charlie Simpson, petitioner, v. O. J. Nygaard,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Dakota denied.
"
:

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
196
No. 428, Misc. William Edward McGuire, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County of Illinois denied.
No. 429, Misc. Elmer Kunkle, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 430, Misc. David Darrin, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 432, Misc. Joseph J. DeSantis, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 442, Misc. William H. Draper, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 446, Misc. Charles J. Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 386, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Special Sessions of the City of New York, New York, denied for the
reason that application therefor was not made within the time pro-
vided by law. 28 U. S. C., § 2101 (c).
No. 387, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Saul Schatten
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied for
the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. 28 U. S. C., § 2101 (c).
No. 398, Misc. John T. Miller, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 402, Misc. Carl J. Kunz and Paul Lyons, petitioner, v. People
of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Special Sessions of the City of New York, Appellate Part, denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the
petition should be granted.
No. 283, Misc. Haywood Starnes, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden;
No. 399, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. Emery E.
Jacques, Warden;

*
MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1953
197
No. 407, Misc. Antonio Simeone, petitioner, v. Warden, U. S. Peni-
tentiary, Lewisburg, Pa.;
No. 410, Misc. Theodore A. Baldwin, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden; and
No. 425, Misc. Ray Schrader, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 371. Gaynor News Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Julius Kass for the petitioner and
by Mr. Bernard Dunau for the respondent.
No. 498. Maryland Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Ger-
trude Picard Cushing et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Eberhard
P. Deutsch for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 498,
512, 517, 521, 525, 566, 567 (and 568), 648, 617, and 540 (and
573).

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1953
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jesse D. Wright, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Cale J. Holder, of In-
dianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner; Artemas C.
Leslie, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. George Horace Hafer;
W. Keith Hamill, of Newton, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Thomas Ells-
worth Martin; James Scott Hill, of New Brunswick, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Stanley C. Smoyer; Kenneth Cooper, of Bay Minette, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Alfred Connor Bowman; Crawford Joseph Cofer,
of Brownsville, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lloyd M. Bentsen, Jr.; Rich-
ard G. Garties, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Donald T. Ruby;
Paul G. Dolan, of Joliet, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry H. Pike; Wal-
ter Akerman, Jr., of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Alexander
Akerman, Jr.; Henry L. Spencer, of Jackson, Ky., and John J. Kel-
ley, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Berryman Green;
William LaFayette Norton, Jr., of Gainesville, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Carlton Fox; Jack Lawrence Friedlander, of Washington, D. C.,
Charles Stanely Sures, of Washington, D. C., and Frederick T. M.
Crowley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Nathan M. Lubar;
Hilbert Fefferman, of Washington, D. C., and Ashley A. Foard, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Adolph H. Zwerner; Murray Louis
Schwartz, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Oscar Davis; Ed-
win H. Hall, of Stratford, Conn., and Thomas J. O'Sullivan II, of
Orange, Conn., on motion of Mr. Gregory S. Prince; and Stephen S.
Barone, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Conder C. Henry, were
admitted to practice.
No. 498. Maryland Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Ger-
trude Picard Cushing et al. Argument continued by Mr. Eberhard
P. Deutsch for the petitioners and by Mr. James J. Morrison for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. Eberhard P. Deutsch for the pe-
titioners.
No. 512. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Ralston Purina Company. Argued by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the
petitioner and by Mr. Thomas S. McPheeters for the respondent.
200218-53-71
THE

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1953
199
No. 517. Olive B. Barrows, Richard Pikaar, and M. M. O'Gara,
petitioners, v. Leola Jackson. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Wal-
lace McKnight for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Loren Miller
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 517,
521, 525, 566, 567 (and 568), 648, 617, 540 (and 573), 548, and
634 (635 and 636).
✓
Bi

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 1953
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Donald C. Jacobson, of DeLand, Fla., Harold L. Holt, of Hamilton,
Mont., Frank L. Price, of Washington, D. C., Robert A. Crandall, of
Essex Junction, Vt., Frank H. Strong, of Maryville, Mo., John Joseph
Murphy, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Robert Margolis, of Bethlehem,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern; Chas.
H. Heltzel, of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Guy Cordon; Lester
Cave Arvin, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert
Rees; Harry J. Liederbach, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Robert H. Rathburn; Rosanna Alexander Blake, of Huntington, W.
Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel M. Singer; Arnold Malkan, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nestor Shea Foley; Marvin Phillip
Sadur, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leonard B. Sussholz;
Ruth L. Hall, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Elmer E. Bat-
zell;
and Spencer M. Beresford, of Wellesley, Mass., on motion of Mr.
W. Crosby Roper, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 517. Olive B. Barrows, Richard Pikaar, and M. M. O'Gara,
petitioners, v. Leola Jackson. Argument continued by Mr. Loren
Miller for the respondent and concluded by Mr. J. Wallace McKnight
for the petitioners.
No. 521. Central Bank, a Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. George H. Koster for the petitioner and by
Mr. Lester S. Jayson for the respondent.
No. 525. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner v. Mrs. George Nothnagle et al. Argued by Mr. T.
J. O'Sullivan for the petitioner and by Mr. John A. Danaher for the
respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file reply brief within one
week.
No. 566. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, petitioner, v. Edwin J. Bohnen, Executor of the
Estate of Mary A. Bohnen, and Individually, et al. Argued by Mr.
Lee A. Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. George S. Stansell for
the respondents.
200218-53--72

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 1953
201
No. 567. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. RCA
Communications, Incorporated; and
No. 568. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. RCA Communications, Incorporated. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Acting Solicitor General Stern for the petitioner in
No. 567.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 567
(and 568), 648, 617, 540 (and 573), 548, 634 (635 and 636),
and 527.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1953
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Lawrence A. Long, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Willis
Smith; Arthur S. Lawless, of Buffalo, N. Y., Sydney Saxon, of New
York, N. Y., and Benton C. Tolley, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; John M. Nagle, of Chicago, Ill.,
Albert Joel Ushana, of Chicago, Ill., Victor Matthew Theis, of Chi-
cago, Ill., Hugh Moore Matchett, of Chicago, Ill., Jerome Andrew
Deming, of Chicago, Ill., Karl A. Koch, of Chicago, Ill., Edward B.
Henslee, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Robert G. Mackey, of Chicago, Ill.,
Mitchell Sheridan Rieger, of Chicago, Ill., and Leon Loren Butler, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan; Max Freeman, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert
L. Stern; Maurice S. Close, of Lawrence, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Thomas J. Lane; L. Paul Webb, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Marmaduke Hardeman Blackshear; Salvatore E. Capozzi, of Mont-
clair, N. J., on motion of Mr. Irving K. Schwartz; Jack I. Sperling,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; Robert
Emerson Potts, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert W.
Minor; Mitchell J. Cooper, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr.
Gerald W. Siegel; Leonard G. Nierman, of Chicago, Ill., and Claron
N. White, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roland Alfred Anderson;
Lyman Boniface Sutter, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Charles K. Chapman; Maurice Sapienza, of Hilo, Hawaii, T. H., on
motion of Mr. John T. Sapienza; and Lawrence J. McKay, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John T. Cahill, were admitted to
practice.
No. 567. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. RCA
Communications, Incorporated; and
No. 568. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. RCA Communications, Incorporated. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Ralph M. Carson for the petitioner in No. 568 and by
Mr. John T. Cahill for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Ralph
M. Carson for the petitioner in No. 568.
200218-53--73

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1953
203
No. 648. James Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. Argued
by Mr. Frank M. Gleason for the petitioner and by Mr. M. H. Black-
shear, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson
Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Chester H. Gray for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Philip Elman for the United
States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court. Leave granted
petitioner to file reply brief within one week.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 1, will be as follows: 617, 540 (and
573), 548, 634 (635 and 636), and 527.
☑

FRIDAY, MAY 1, 1953
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Charles M. Metzner, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James
Lee Rankin; Harold W. Adams, Jr., of Salem, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Charles W. Kennedy, Jr., of Crockett,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; John V. Dowdy, of Athens, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. John E. Lyle, Jr.; John J. Fish, of Dearborn, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machrowicz; and Mathias F. Correa,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Loftus E. Becker, were admitted
to practice.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson
Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Philip Elman for the
United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, by Mr.
Ringgold Hart for the respondent, by Mr. Edward F. Colladay for
the Washington Board of Trade, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court, and concluded by Mr. Chester H. Gray for the petitioner.
No. 540. United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Gray
Nugent; and
No. 573. United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester Packer.
Argument commenced by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, May 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 4, next, will be as follows: Nos. 540
(and 573), 548, 634 (635 and 636), and 527.
200218-53--74
擬

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Louis Sherman, of Newark, N. J., and Lawrence B. Raff, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L. Stern;
John Kendrick Sloan, of Los Angeles, Calif., Robert Emmett Hal-
sing, of San Francisco, Calif., Philip C. Wilkins, of Sacramento,
Calif., and J. Tom Watson, of Lakeland, Fla., on motion of Mr. Justin
Leroy Johnson; P. Allen Rickles, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Warren G. Magnuson; George J. Talianoff, of Miami Beach, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. W. C. Lantaff; David Silverton, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Samuel Wm. Yorty; Aaron Lowenstein, of
Negaunee, Mich., on motion of Mr. John B. Bennett; Samuel Dolf,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Robert Rich-
ard Thornton, of Galveston, Tex., Leslie Munger Ball, of Port
Arthur, Tex., and Arthur S. Goldberg, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Robert B. Ross, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Ellis N. Slack; Charles Frank Renz, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. Gordon F. Parker; Louis Bender, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Miss Beatrice Rosenberg; Willard Winter, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Bruce M. Docherty; Walter Laughn Lewis,
of Proffitt, Va., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. Cassidy; Charles J. Miller,
of Boston, Mass., and Sumner S. Miller, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. Paul W. Norton; Fritz L. Puls, Jr., of Bethesda, Md., on
motion of Mr. Sydney J. Schneider; Herbert Kunzel, of San Diego,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Merle Thorpe, Jr.; William Max Nathan, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Milton K. Eckert; Douglas DeVane
Batchelor, of Miami, Fla., and Robert Elmer Dunne, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles R. Mathis, Jr.; William John Sher-
idan, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Eugene Mills Meacham;
Richard Newman, of Newport News, Va., on motion of Mr. Sidney
V. Smith; Harold S. Dobbs, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Francis V. Keesling, Jr.; Myron K. Ellison, of Kansas City, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Albert L. Reeves, Jr.; George J. Solomon, of East
Orange, N. J., and Kenneth Simon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Telford Taylor; Robert J. Stevenson, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Henry F. Butler; David A. Rose, of Boston, Mass., and
Jackson J. Holtz, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Eugene T.
200218-53- -75

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
206
Kinnaly; and M. Stuart Goldin, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Harvey Levin, were admitted to practice.
No. 488. The Callanan Road Improvement Company, a Corpora-
tion, South Bethlehem, New York, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and Cornell Steamboat
Company. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of New York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents.
No. 508. United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Building Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
of the Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 330. Esso Standard Oil Company, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
Tennessee, et al.; and
No. 378. The United States of America, appellant, v. James Clar-
ence Evans, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of
Tennessee, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Jackson dissent.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, not having heard the argument, took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 52. John Terry et al., petitioners, v. A. J. Adams et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs.
Judgment of the District Court holding that the combined Jaybird-
Democratic general election machinery has deprived these petitioners
of their right to vote on account of their race and color affirmed. The
case is remanded to the District Court for proceedings in conformity
with the judgment announced by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Black
announced the judgment of the Court and an opinion in which Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton join. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Clark,
in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
207
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 566. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Edwin J. Bohnen, Executor of the
Estate of Mary A. Bohnen, and Individually, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 341, Misc. Harold Roland Christoffel, petitioner, v. United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per
Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia for resentencing
under 18 U. S. C. (1946 Ed.), Sec. 231. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 700. United States of America, appellant, v. Robert M. Har-
riss et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 609. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Local
Union No. 1229, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted, and case transferred to
the summary docket. The motion of Jefferson Standard Broadcasting
Company for leave to intervene is denied.
No. 670. St. Joe Paper Co., Jesse Ball DuPont, Elbert Dent, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Co.;
No. 702. S. A. Lynch, S. A. Lynch Corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company;
No. 705. J. Bryson Aird and Bank of the Manhattan Company,
Successor Mortgage Trustees, petitioners, v. The Atlantic Coast Line
Railroad Company;
No. 710. W. G. Welbon, E. N. Claughton, and A. W. Corbett, peti-
tioners, v. The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
208
Circuit granted limited to question I presented by the petition for
writ of certiorari in No. 670.
No. 683. S. G. Olberding, Doing Business as Vess Transfer Com-
pany, and Charles Darnell, petitioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 651. Harry Schennault, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 655. Florence B. Bigelow et al., petitioners, v. Loew's Incorpo-
rated, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
State Court of Appeal for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 664. National Fruit Products Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 666. Martin Wunderlich Co., etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Secretary of War of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 669. Mathilda Fiorivanti, petitioner, v. Quirino Fiorivanti.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 698. Charles Welch, petitioner, v. Atlantic Gulf and West
Indies Steamship Lines. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 538. Johnnie Lee Morris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion to dispense with printing the record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 646. Michael (Mickey) Cohen, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing the record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 656. Milwaukee Towne Corporation, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. Loew's Incorporated, a Corporation, et al. Motion to dispense with
reprinting portions of the record granted. Motion for leave to file
brief of Allied States Association of Motion Picture Exhibitors as
amicus curiae denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 591. Mallonee, Bucklin and Fergus, et al., petitioners, v. Fahey,
Ammann, as Conservator, Home Loan Bank Board, et al.;

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
209
No. 592. Wilmington Federal Savings & Loan Association and
W. I. Gilbert, Jr., petitioners, v. Home Loan Bank Board et al.;
No. 593. Home Investment Co., petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al.;
No. 594. Ernest R. Utley, as Receiver for Federal Home Loan
Banks of Los Angeles, Portland, or San Francisco, Whichever Exists,
petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al.;
No. 595. Robert H. Wallis and George Turner, petitioners, v.
Fahey, Ammann, as Conservator, Home Loan Bank Board et al.;
No. 596. Title Service Company, Trustee on Deeds of Trust of
8,000 Homeowners, petitioner, v. Fahey, Ammann, as Conservator,
Home Loan Bank Board, et al.; and
No. 658. John D. Willhoit, petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al., and
Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of these applications.
No. 422, Misc. Earl C. Weldon, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 431, Misc. Louis Sandro, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Graber,
Chief Justice of the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 435, Misc. Francis J. Hilderbrand, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 436, Misc. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 437, Misc. Carlton Edward Norecross, petitioner, v. John R.
Cranor, Supt., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 438, Misc. William C. Hodges, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 439, Misc. Oran Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida de-
nied.
No. 444, Misc. Michael R. Harman, petitioner, v. Cornelius J.
Burke, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 447, Misc. Eugene V. Spears, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
210
No. 460, Misc. Oscar Bryant, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 481, Misc. Carl Austin DeWolf, petitioner, v. Jerome J.
Waters, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 394, Misc. Thomas Graziano, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C., § 2101 (c).
No. 417, Misc. Carlo L. Anselmi, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file a
petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 449, Misc. Leonard Nuneley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of prohibition
denied.
No. 451, Misc. William Tillman, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 455, Misc. Ovie George Hall, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
,
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 527, and that the Court will take a recess until Monday,
May 18, next.
No. 540. United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Gray
Nugent; and
No. 573. United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester Packer.
Argument concluded by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the respond-
ents.
No. 548. Harry Renton Bridges, Henry Schmidt, and J. R. Robert-
son, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Telford Taylor for the petitioners and by Mr. John F. Davis for the
respondent.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1953
211
No. 634. United States of America, appellant, v. Lester E.
Grainger;
No. 635. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C.
Clavere and William G. Kennedy; and
No. 636. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere,
William G. Kennedy and A. L. Shapiro. Argument commenced by
Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 634 (635
and 636), and 527.
✓
ין

TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1953
212
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ellis L. Phillips, Jr., of Jericho, N. Y., and Schuyler William Liv-
ingston, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick A. Ballard;
William Rann Newcomb, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G.
Rogers; Laurence Anthony Davis, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Ernest F. Hom; David Aaron Topek, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. William Max Nathan; John Lewis Kelly, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Patrick J. Taft, were admitted to practice.
No. 634. United States of America, appellant, v. Lester E.
Grainger;
No. 635. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere
and William G. Kennedy; and
No. 636. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere,
William G. Kennedy, and A. L. Shapiro. Argument continued by
Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant, by Mr. Jack L. Miller for the
appellee in No. 634, by Mr. John W. Lewis for the appellees in Nos.
635 and 636, and concluded by Mr. John F. Davis for the appellant.
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley
Klinger, William Cantor, and Morris Sandler. Argued by Miss Bea-
trice Rosenberg for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis Bender for the
respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, May 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
200218-53-76

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Victor H. Miles, of Newark, N. J., James P. Piragine, of Chicago,
Ill., Joseph L. Newman, of Cleveland, Ohio, Ray Clements, of Lake-
land, Fla., Jacob X. Schwartz, of Waukegan, Ill., and Jerome G.
Sherman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General
Robert L. Stern; Vernon Romney, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion
of Mr. Robert A. Taft; Frank E. Kenney, of Detroit, Mich., Joseph S.
Radom, of Detroit, Mich., and Harold E. Mountain, Jr., of Detroit,
Mich., and John Sklar, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Homer
Ferguson; Frank E. Nash, of Portland, Oreg., James F. Lonergan, of
Portland, Oreg., and Ernest M. Jachetta, of Portland, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. Guy Cordon; John Ben Shepperd, of Austin, Tex., Dow
H. Heard, Jr., of Austin, Tex., and E. Jake Jacobsen, of Austin, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Maurice Louik, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Wilbur D. Mills; Murray M. Chotiner, of Los An-
geles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Patrick J. Hillings; Philip M. O'Hara,
of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker: Charles M.
Bosley, of Palisade, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis; Ellis
E. Patterson, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clyde Gilman
Doyle; Van Lee Hood, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Bruce Parkhill, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Bernard Hellring,
of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Israel B. Greene; Edward E. Ash-
baugh, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Lawson F.
Bernstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Miss Helen F. Hum-
phrey George F. Roberts, of Utica, Mich., on motion of Mr. Jesse P.
Wolcott; Cecil H. Lichliter, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr.
William A. Paisley; David M. Scheffer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Heber H. Rice; Francis P. Pomar, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Albert J. Clark; Thurman Hill, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. James M. Barnes; Robert B. Frank, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Milton W. King; Wallace Luchs, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Bernard I. Nordlinger; James Luther
Davis, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. William M. Briggs; Francis
E. Jenney, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Reginald L. Knox, Jr., of El
Centro, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; David J.
200218-53-77
E

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
214
Markun, of Balboa Heights, C. Z., on motion of Mr. W. M. Whitman;
Benjamin G. McFate, of Oil City, Pa., on motion of Mr. Arthur A.
Steffan; Rolland N. Montgomery, of Saginaw, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Clarence G. Pechacek; Franz Otto Willenbucher, of Bethesda,
Md., on motion of Mr. Murry Lee Randall; Edwin G. Moorhead, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul D. Page, Jr.; Bernard M.
Newburg, of Louisville, Ky., and Edward F. Seiller, of Louisville,
Ky., on motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Raymond J. Zollner, of Louis-
ville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Charles Morris Irelan, Jr.; Robert N.
Chaffin, of Torrington, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney;
Isadore A. Honig, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Milton I.
Baldinger; and William L. Woodward, Jr., of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. James R. Murphy, were admitted to practice.
No. 244. Leona Anderson May, appellant, v. Owen Anderson.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Treating the
appeal as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is granted. The
judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio is reversed with costs and
cause remanded to it for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Clark, not having heard oral
argument, took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 290. Ernest A. Watson and M. Gladys Watson, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in
which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 394. Roberta Wells, as Administratrix of the Estate of Cheek
Wells, petitioner, v. Simonds Abrasive Company. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Minton join. Mr. Justice Clark,
not having heard oral argument, took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 723. L. E. (Prince) Wales, d/b/a Wales Trucking Company,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
215
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas.
Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed. United States v. Tucker Truck Lines, 345 U. S. 33; United
States v. Detroit Navigation Co., 326 U. S. 236, 241.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
Original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Texas
et al. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within 40 days, requiring
the defendants to show cause why leave to file the complaint should
not be granted.
No. 667. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
appellant, v. Public Utilities Commission of the State of California
and City of Los Angeles. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 712. Julius Salsburg, appellant, v. State of Maryland. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 730. United States of America, appellant, v. Roscoe Denmark;
and
No. 731. United States of America, appellant, v. Milton M. Braun.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The cases are consoli-
dated for argument and transferred to the summary docket.
No. 739. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. Public Utilities
Commission of California et al. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the
hearing of the case on the merits. The case is transferred to the sum-
mary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 667.
No. 661. Hugh A. Voris, Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of Em-
ployees' Compensation, U. S. Department of Labor, etc., petitioner,
v. Charles Eikel and B. D. Harris, d/b/a Southern Stevedoring &
Contracting Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
216
No. 691. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Niagara Mo-
hawk Power Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted.
No. 703. Howell Chevrolet Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 570. Doris Sullivan and Samuel Fishman, petitioners, v. People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District,
denied.
No. 643. Austin Scarlett, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 654. The United States, petitioner, v. Retta A. Marr, Admin-
istratrix of the Estate of Edwin Eugene Wilkinson, Deceased, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 671. Othello Washington, Ralph W. McKnight, Loretta J.
Wallace, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 673. Terminal Railroad Association of Saint Louis, a Corpo-
ration, petitioner, v. Ferriel M. Barnett. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 677. Muriel Dodge Neeman (Formerly Muriel Dodge Conk-
lin), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 678. Guy E. Williams, Chancellor, etc., petitioner, v. Claude A.
Rankin, Arkansas Commissioner of State Lands. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 682. Joel S. Cooper, petitioner, v. C. A. Peak et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 686. Teamsters and Truck Drivers Local No. 164, American
Federation of Labor, et al., petitioners, v. The Way Baking Company,
a Michigan Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
217
No. 689. Israel G. Halpert, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Car-
buretor Corporation, petitioner, v. Engine Air Service, Inc., Lawrence
A. Hauft, Lena P. Hauft, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 692. Jesse M. Allen, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 701. Capitol Motor Courts, Downtown Realty Company,
Galveston Broadcasting Company, et al., petitioners, v. The LeBlanc
Corporation (a Maryland Corporation) et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 709. Frank Adam Electric Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Electric Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 713. E. B. McInnis, Trustee, petitioner, v. Melvin Weeks and
Bertha Weeks. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 714. Red Top Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Leonard Henry
George Mazzotti and Hull Underwriters Association, Ltd. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 98. Susie V. Watwood, petitioner, v. Stone's Mercantile
Agency, Inc., a Corporation. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 253. United States of America, petitioner, v. Certain Parcels
of Land in the County of Fairfax, Commonwealth of Virginia, and
Belle Haven Realty Corporation, et al. Petition for rehearing de-
nied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 138. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Hall C.
Smith;
No. 205. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California and The California
Electric Power Company; and
No. 206. The County of Mineral, State of Nevada, a Political Sub-
division of the State of Nevada, petitioner, v. The Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California and The California Electric
Power Company, a Corporation;
No. 446. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, Local Union Number 406,

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
218
et al., petitioners, v. Harold F. Postma, Doing Business as Harold F.
Postma Gravel Company, et al.;
No. 495. California Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.;
No. 581. W. F. Vahlberg, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma;
No. 618. Ray E. Friedman and American Produce Company, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America;
No. 623. L. B. Binion, alias Benny Binion, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 72, Misc. Frank Sukowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 334, Misc. Jesse Maughs, petitioner, v. M. L. Royster, Supt. of
State Prison Farm;
No. 336, Misc. Clarence C. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 368, Misc. Florence McMillan Goodman and Frances Brodsky,
petitioners, v. Ed Leigh McMillan; and
No. 388, Misc. Frank A. Hourihan, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 345, Misc. Joseph Rushkowski, Jr., petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden, et al. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 475, Misc. October Term, 1951. John R. Ayers, petitioner, v.
O. K. Parry and Emerson Haines. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 421, Misc. Mary M. Riley, petitioner, v. Department of the Air
Force, George F. Titus, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 433, Misc. Edward McKenna, petitioner, v. Herbert H. Hann,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 440, Misc. Russell Pickwell, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 441, Misc. Charles Irven Burns, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 443, Misc. Calause Livingston, petitioner, v. The State of
South Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of South Carolina denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
219
No. 448, Misc. Lester Sparks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 452, Misc. William Vanderwyde, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 453, Misc. James Morris Johnson, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 457, Misc. Hugh Norman Harrison, petitioner, v. R. N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 459, Misc. Elijah Stingley, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 461, Misc. William A. Reed, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 465, Misc. Harry Griffin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 472, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 473, Misc. Wardell Tucker, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 476, Misc. Clarence Jackson, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhous,
as Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 477, Misc. Angelo Cascio, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 485, Misc. J. Miles Brunstoun and Samuel Kelley, petitioners,
v. Simon H. Grow et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 489, Misc. Logan M. Franey, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 490, Misc. Cleveland Thompson, petitioner, v. Charles L. Dye,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1953
220
No. 454, Misc. Frederic Williams, petitioner, v. G. W. Humphrey,
Warden, etc., et al.;
No. 474, Misc. Joe Doyle Banning, petitioner, v. George W.
Humphrey, Warden; and
No. 487, Misc. Ralph Brink, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 25,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
William G. Grande, of Providence, R. I., Sam A. Colarusso, of
Newark, N. J., Fred George McGeary, of Denver, Colo., Joseph A.
Klausner, of New York, N. Y., and Wiley B. Barefoot, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General Robert L.
Stern; Louis I. Kaplan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Olin
D. Johnston; Norman E. Berman, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Byron G. Rogers; James E. Taylor, of Sharon Springs, Kans., on
motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; John Howard Collett, of May-
nardville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. B. Carroll Reece; John E. Hurt, of
Martinsville, Ind., on motion of Mr. William G. Bray; Oliver M. Jam-
ison, of Fresno, Calif., T. Newton Russell, of Fresno, Calif., and
William N. Snell, of Fresno, Calif., on motion of Mr. Allan Oakley
Hunter; Leonard E. Kust, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
H. Pickering; Jack B. Brooks, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Sam Rayburn; Daniel O. Omer, of Alexandria, Va., and Alexander
Nuta, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William E. Leahy;
Lyman J. Umstead, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Milton D.
Korman; Harold S. Saxe, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Philip
Elman; Francis Joseph O'Brien, of Meridian, Conn., on motion of
Mr. Vincent L. Toomey; David Harold Baker, of Portsmouth, Va.,
on motion of Mr. John Alvin Crogan; John P. O'Hara, Jr., of De-
troit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold Allen Kertz; Edward Ridley
Finch, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edgar Allyn Buttle;
Donald M. Murtha, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss Bessie
Margolin; William Tucker Dean, of Ithaca, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Robert E. Coulson; Clarence MacKey, Jr., of Milwaukee, Wis., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert W. Schroeder; Elizabeth Dudley, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. John C. Harrington; David Waters, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Michael T. Corcoran; Harvey A.
Katz, of Glastonbury, Conn., on motion of Mr. William Brecht Han-
back; Ralph E. Hennessey, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Oscar
P. Glaser; Alexander Stuard Young, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. A. Stuard Young; Claude T. Allen of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Albert Boggess; James A. Strite, of Chambersburg,
Pa., Charles H. Davison, of Chambersburg, Pa., and J. Glenn Bene-
200218-53--78

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
222
dict, of Chambersburg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Joseph W. Kiernan;
Gladys R. Yeaman, of Sioux City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Charles T.
Akre; Ralph Earl Garner, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Webb; Hughie Ragan, of Jackson, Tenn., and Robert J.
Benes, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William M. Burkhalter;
James Keeley Everhart, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Eugene Franklin
Buell, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. William A. Smith, Jr.;
Robert J. Lansdowne, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Albert E.
Conradis; Clarence K. Marion, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Hugh T. Fullerton; Paul Max Craig, of Washington, D. C., and Paul
Max Craig, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Bernard
Dunau; and Ben D. Smith, of Somerset, Ky., on motion of Mr. Thomas
J. Beddow, were admitted to practice.
No. 374. The Times-Picayune Publishing Company et al., appel-
lants, v. United States of America; and
No. 375. United States of America, appellant, v. The Times-
Picayune Publishing Company et al. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Judgment re-
versed and cause remanded for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 532. United States of America, appellant, v. W. T. Grant
Company, S. H. Kress & Company, and John M. Hancock, et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark,
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
concurs.
No. 226. J. Lauritzen, petitioner, v. Evald Johann Larsen. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York for proceedings consistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Clark, not having heard oral argument, took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 113. Roy Webber Tinder, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Virginia to correct the sentence imposed on petitioner. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
D+

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
223
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton. The Chief Justice, not having heard
all of the oral argument, took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 648. James Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Georgia for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Black con-
curs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 694. Walter A. Gorman and Edward Rogers, Jr., appellants,
v. The City of New York, Thomas F. Murphy, John Wynne, et al.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 711. Leonard T. Pockman, appellant, v. J. Paul Leonard, as
President of the San Francisco State College, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 230. The Radio Officers' Union of the Commercial Telegraph-
ers Union, AFL, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 301. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and
Helpers of America, et al.; and
No. 371. Gaynor News Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. These cases are ordered restored to the
docket for reargument.
No. 558. United States of America, appellant, v. Five Gambling
Devices, Labeled in Part "Mills," and Bearing Serial Numbers 593–
221; etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 641. Partmar Corporation and Fanchon and Marco, Inc., pe-
titioners, v. Paramount Pictures Theatres Corporation et al. Peti-

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
224
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted limited to the issue of dismissal of the
counterclaims.
No. 649. Theatre Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Paramount Film
Distributing Corp. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 647. George Earl Toolson, petitioner, v. New York Yankees,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 668. Walter J. Kowalski, petitioner, v. Albert B. Chandler,
Individually and as Commissioner of Baseball, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 674. Jack Corbett and El Paso Baseball Club, Inc., petitioners,
v. Albert B. Chandler, Individually and as Commissioner of Baseball,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 704. Manuel S. Madruga, petitioner, v. Superior Court of the
State of California, in and for the County of San Diego. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 496. Margaret Quinn, Administratrix of the Estate of John
M. Quinn, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Simonds Abrasive Company,
Successor to Abrasive Company of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 680. Harvey Aluminum, Inc., and Harvey Machine Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. American Cyanamid Company, Berbice Company Lim-
ited and Reynolds Metals Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 690. United States of America, petitioner, v. Lucien W.
Rolland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 708. Fanchon & Marco, Inc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pic-
tures, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 716. Amalgamated Association of Street, Electric Railway,
and Motor Coach Employees of America, Division No. 1127, etc., et
al., petitioners, v. Southern Bus Lines, Incorporated. Petition for
1

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
225
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 717. Amalgamated Association of Street, Electric Railway,
and Motor Coach Employees of America, Division No. 1127, etc., et
al., petitioners, v. Southern Bus Lines, Incorporated. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 719. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 748. Ouner Anderson Patterson, petitioner, v. Rosetta Ander-
son, Individually and as Administratrix of the Estate of Philip
Anderson, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 761. Compania Sud-Americana de Vapores, Sued Herein as
"Chilean Line," also known as Sud-Americana de Zapores of Val-
paraiso, petitioner, v. Anthony Mollica. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 684. Belle Marachowsky, etc., petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 685. J. H. Marachowsky, etc., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions to dispense with printing the record granted. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 687. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Motions for leave to file briefs of National
Lawyers Guild and Joseph Brainin et al., as amici curiae denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. The order of the United States
Court of Appeals of February 17, 1953, granting a stay of execution
is vacated. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter referring
to the positions they took when these cases were here last November,
adhere to them. 344 U. S. 889. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
the petition for certiorari should be granted.
No. 699. Anthony Forgione and Salvatore Nicastro, petitioners, v.
United States of America et al. Motion to dispense with printing
petition and record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 721. Paul F. Scholla, petitioner, v. Lois T. Scholla, Indi-
vidually and as Next Friend of Her Son, Paul Frederick Scholla, Jr.,
et al. Motion to proceed on typewritten record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
226
No. 450, Misc. Harry Dwight Smith, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 464, Misc. Lois T. Scholla, as Next Friend of Her Son, Paul
Frederick Scholla, Jr., etc., petitioner, v. Paul F. Scholla. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 466, Misc. Oliver Snell, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 467, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Anthony
Baerchus, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke, Warden. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 468, Misc. In re Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 475, Misc. Donald Hugh Lilyroth, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 478, Misc. Major Byrd, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company and John Doe, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 479, Misc. Cyril Melvin Berg, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 483, Misc. Eugene J. Pettus, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
as Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 484, Misc. Mount Olive Fire Baptized Holiness Church of
God of the Americas et al., petitioners, v. Simon H. Grow et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 486, Misc. Robert J. Koalska, petitioner, v. Edwin Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Minnesota denied.
No. 488, Misc. Clyde Dixon Hinkle, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, etc. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 491, Misc. Henry Conway, petitioner, v. Jerome J. Waters, Jr.,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 493, Misc. Joseph John Hotianovich et al., petitioners, v. State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1953
227
No. 494, Misc. Robert Lee Crowder, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin denied.
No. 497, Misc. Joe Heath, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 482, Misc. Homer W. Holloway, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus denied.
ORDER
In pursuance of section 1926 of Title 28 of the United States Code,
It is now here ordered by this Court that the following revised
schedule fees to be charged in the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals be, and the same is hereby, adopted and approved,
viz:
There shall be paid for each admission to practice, including certifi-
cate thereof, $5. For each certificate under seal, $1. For making
or copying any record or other paper and certifying the same, per
folio of 100 words, 20 cents. For filing and docketing each customs
appeal, $15, this fee to be in full of all fees in the case: Provided,
That when an appeal is taken by the United States, no payment of
fees shall be required. For filing and docketing each patent appeal,
$15, this fee to be in full of all fees in the case, except the charge
for preparing and supervising the printing of the record: Provided,
That when an appeal is taken by or on behalf of the United States,
no payment of fees shall be required. For certifying a printed record,
$2.
It is further ordered that the fees and costs to be allowed the mar-
shal shall be, and hereby are, fixed the same as those allowed the mar-
shal of the Supreme Court of the United States.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 1,
from that day until Monday, June 8, and from that day until Monday,
June 15, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless other-
wise ordered. No motions, except motions for admission to practice,
will be received after the session next before the date fixed for ad-
journment of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, June 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1953
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Clarence I. Landsverk, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Guy
Cordon; Robert Edward Russell, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Ewart Lytton Merica, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. Allen, Jr.; Benjamin T. Goodwin,
of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; Arthur S. Caine,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor General
Robert L. Stern; Edgar Greer Shelton, Jr., of Austin, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Homer Thornberry; James P. Bennett, of St. Petersburg,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Dwight L. Rogers; Jefferson K. Stickney, Jr.,
of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. James Elden McFarland;
Grove Stafford, of Alexandria, La., on motion of Mr. Hale Boggs;
Robert L. Condon, of Martinez, Calif., on motion of Mr. Samuel Wm.
Yorty; Constantine N. Avgerin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Henry P. Chandler; Milton Gould, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Louis P. Haffer; Hugh J. Downey III, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Julius L. Baller, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob K. Javits; Mr. Miles D. Kennedy, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Jones; Kenneth W.
Thomas, of Greensburg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker;
John T. Ganahl, of Corona, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Lewis
Kelly; Raymond Kermit Fried, of Chicago, Ill., and Edward David
Feinberg, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Barney Joseph Keren;
H. Raymond Cluster, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles H.
Mayer; Richard Homer Nicolaides, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Phidias J. J. Nicolaides; John Joseph Dwyer, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald H. Dalton; Sidney W. Russell,
of Washington, D. C., and Robert H. Trenkamp, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Charles M. Thomas; John Robert Burton, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Leland O. Graham; J. Kenton Cochran,
of Russellville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Walter L. Pope; Victor G.
Rosenblum, of New York, N. Y., and Robert M. Bor, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harry I. Rand; John A. Pullins, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Fred B. Hammond, Jr.; Bailey Brown,
of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. George Bailey Walsh; John
Wesley McInnis, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Cecil A.
200218-53-79

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1953
229
Beasley, Jr.; Earl A. Brown, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. John E. McClure; Pat McKinney Baskin, of Austin, Tex., on
motion of Mr. William W. Goodrich; Lyon L. Tyler, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Vincent B. Welch; Robert Haydock,
Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Don V. Harris, Jr.;
Ena Monica St. Louis, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. De-
Costa V. Mason; Leone Pecoraro, of Peekskill, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Lester P. Schoene; George Malcolm Lentz, of Mounds, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; and Yates Flower Hamm, of Antioch,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Schmidt, were admitted to
practice.
No. 287. Al Polizzi, petitioner, v. Cowles Magazines, Inc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida to take jurisdiction of the action and determine
whether the District Court acquired jurisdiction of respondent by
proper service. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black, in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins, concurring in part
and dissenting in part, announced by Mr. Justice Jackson. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Burton concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, not having heard the argument, took no
part in the consideration and disposition of this case. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 509. Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph
H. Koppal. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed with costs. Judgment of the United States District Court
for the Western District of Missouri affirmed and case remanded to it.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 439. Louis Levinson and Mitchell A. Hall, petitioners, v. Wil-
liam Deupree, Jr., Ancillary Administrator of the Estate of Kather-
ine Wing, Deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Kentucky. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 521. Central Bank, a Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Claims for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1953
230
Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 688. Allan Gordon and Eli Tempkin, petitioners, v. United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is vacated
and the case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for consideration in
the light of the Government's confession of error.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The answer to the bill of complaint is received and filed and
leave is granted the complainant to reply thereto on or before Septem-
ber 1, next. The motion for leave to file brief of Colter Water Project
Association, Inc., as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 498. Maryland Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Ger-
trude Picard Cushing et al. This case is ordered restored to the docket
for reargument.
No. 695. Louis Lober et al., as Executors of the Last Will and
Testament of Morris Lober, Deceased, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted.
No. 715. Anthony Wilko, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Swan et al., Indi-
vidually and Doing Business Under the Firm Name and Style of
Hayden Stone and Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 697. William C. McDougall, petitioner, v. United States Civil
Service Commission, Individually and Officially, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 706. Elizabeth B. Mays, Sole Legatee of the Estate of Fred L.
Mays, Deceased, petitioner, v. William P. Bowers, Collector of In-

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1953
231
ternal Revenue for the District of South Carolina. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 722. Cyril Lionel Robert James, petitioner, v. Edward J.
Shaughnessy, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization
Service of the Port of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 724. William M. Estep and Dora Estep, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 727. Edwin K. Atwood, Alice B. Atwood, Bascom Cox, et al.,
petitioners, v. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 729. John W. Williamson, John W. Williamson, and Inez
Williamson, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 735. C. C. Romine, as Administrator of the Estate of George A.
Romine, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company, a Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 303. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Sydney
Keith Scott, One of the Lloyds Underwriters, et al.;
No. 494. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner, v. Ufa E. Guthrie, Town
of Suffield, and The Malvy Realty Company;
No. 602. Alexandros Theodorakis, petitioner, v. John Xilas, as
Master; Theofana Maritime Company, Limited, as Owner, et al.;
and
No. 642. Clarence E. Hood, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 372, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 386, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York; and
No. 387, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Saul Schatten
et al. Petition for rehearing and for other relief denied.
No. 398, Misc. John T. Miller, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Com-
pany; and
No. 430, Misc. David Darrin, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1953
232
No. 463, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Fletcher Mills,
petitioner, v. Richardson Dilworth, District Attorney of Philadelphia
County, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 513, Misc. Norman E. Dunbar, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Supt., etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 8, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
233
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William L. Keller, of Dallas, Tex., Walter C. Phillips, of Lanett,
Ala., William Robert Morgan, of San Jose, Calif., and James C.
Utrecht, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral Robert L. Stern; Lloyd P. Lochridge, Jr., of Mission, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Lloyd M. Bentsen, Jr.; William Keeshan, of Albion,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. James Lee Rankin: Jesse Drake Coon, of
Sioux Falls, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. Olin D. Johnston; Joseph P.
Sullivan, of Whiting, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray J. Madden; William
J. Eggenberger, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. George A.
Dondero; Wendell Burton Barnes, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Page Belcher; Fred M. Pickens, Jr., of Newport, Ark., on motion of
Mr. Wilbur D. Mills: Jack Winton Robbins, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. E. Fontaine Broun; Joseph D. Bulman, of Washington.
D. C., and Sidney M. Goldstein, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Harry I. Rand; John L. Vest, of Walton, Ky., on motion of Mr.
Robert H. McNeill; Glen Earl Weston, of Washington, D. C., and
David Claudius Murchison, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
William H. Dorsey, Jr.; De Long Harris, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. B. Dabney Fox; Murray I. Sommer, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Francis E. Koch; Eugene Newcomb Curtis,
of San Mateo, Calif., on motion of Mr. George D. Sullivan; Walter
William Burns, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Walter
William Burns; Seymour Bieber, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Joseph M. Stone; Marie Manley Christie, of Quincy, Fla., and
Walter Wilson Manley, of Lakeland, Fla., on motion of Mr. Frederick
W. Smith; Julius Silverstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Thurman Hill; Edmond A. Edmondson, Jr., of Muskogee, Okla.,
and William Seth Agent, of Sallisaw, Okla., on motion of Mr. Paul
Atlee Walker; Charles Edward McNabb, of Knoxville, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; Martin Joseph Carroll, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Edward W. Shepard; Albert Foster
York, of Evanston, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roland Alfred Anderson;
William L. Woodruff, Jr., of Fort Sam Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. John J. Donnelly; James Baylis Earle, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., on
motion of Mr. William B. Hanback; Joseph Burns Kelly, of Cin-
200218-53- -80

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
234
cinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Richard G. Garties; Roger Ralph
Dawson, of Butte, Mont., on motion of Mr. Raymond Godbersen;
Edward Cornelius Maher, of Worcester, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Warren Gates Harris; Thomas Oren Arnold, of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. J. Austin Stone; Francis H. White, of Boston, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. John C. Lacy; William K. Coblentz, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Miss Elizabeth Barnes Aduston Rogers;
John F. McKenna, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William Stanley, Jr.; Osro Cobb, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of
Mr. Wilbur L. Pope; John Lockwood Bradley, of San Francisco,
Calif., and John Donelson Whalley, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. Roger Kent; Edward Kalman Adelsheim, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. William W. Goodrich; and Milton H. Fried-
man, of New York, N. Y., and Thomas Russell Jones, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer, were admitted to practice.
No. 512. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Ralston Purina Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Missouri for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. The Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Burton dissent. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 525. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Mrs. George Nothnagle et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut. Judgment of Su-
preme Court of Errors of Connecticut affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 617. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. John R. Thompson
Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 89. Automatic Canteen Company of America, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The judgment of
the Court of Appeals is reversed as to the charges in Count II of the
complaint (Count I is not before the Court), and the case is remanded
to that court with instructions to remand it to the Federal Trade

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
235
Commission for such further action as is open under the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Jus-
tice Reed concur.
No. 567. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. RCA
Communications, Incorporated, and
No. 568. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. RCA Communications, Incorporated. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals vacated and case
remanded to that court with instructions to remand it to the Federal
Communications Commission for such disposition as is open under the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that the Commission's findings have
substantial evidential support, that the findings adequately support
the Commission's order, that the judgment of the Court of Appeals
should be reversed and that the Commission's order should be affirmed.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 308. Elizabeth H. Dalehite, Henry G. Dalehite, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
of the Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 540. United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Gray
Nugent; and
No. 573. United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester Packer.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgments of Court of Appeals reversed and cases
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las in which Mr. Justice Black concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of these cases.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
236
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 818. John T. Robinson, appellant, v. Barrow-Penn and Com-
pany, Incorporated. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for the want of juris-
diction. 28 U. S. C. § 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by 28 U. S. C. § 2103, certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 8. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al.;
No. 101. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott,
Chairman, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of
School District # 22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.;
No. 191. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis,
etc., et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward
County, Virginia, et al.;
No. 413. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C.
Melvin Sharpe et al.; and
No. 448. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H.
Shallcross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by
Her Guardian ad litem, Ethel Belton et al.
"Each of these cases is ordered restored to the docket and is assigned
for reargument on Monday, October 12, next. In their briefs and on
oral argument counsel are requested to discuss particularly the follow-
ing questions insofar as they are relevant to the respective cases:
"I. What evidence is there that the Congress which submitted and
the State legislatures and conventions which ratified the Fourteenth
Amendment contemplated or did not contemplate, understood or did
not understand, that it would abolish segregation in public schools?
"2. If neither the Congress in submitting nor the States in ratifying
the Fourteenth Amendment understood that compliance with it would
require the immediate abolition of segregation in public schools, was
it nevertheless the understanding of the framers of the Amendment
"(a) that future Congresses might, in the exercise of their
power under section 5 of the Amendment, abolish such segre-
gation, or

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
237
"(6) that it would be within the judicial power, in light of
future conditions, to construe the Amendment as abolishing such
segregation of its own force?
"3. On the assumption that the answers to questions 2 (a) and (b)
do not dispose of the issue, is it within the judicial power, in constru-
ing the Amendment, to abolish segregation in public schools?
"4. Assuming it is decided that segregation in public schools violates
the Fourteenth Amendment
"(a) would a decree necessarily follow providing that, within
the limits set by normal geographic school districting, Negro chil-
dren should forthwith be admitted to schools of their choice, or
"(6) may this Court, in the exercise of its equity powers, per-
mit an effective gradual adjustment to be brought about from
existing segregated systems to a system not based on color dis-
tinctions?
"5. On the assumption on which questions 4 (a) and (b) are based,
and assuming further that this Court will exercise its equity powers
to the end described in question 4 (b),
"(a) should this Court formulate detailed decrees in these
cases;
"(b) if so what specific issues should the decrees reach;
"(c) should this Court appoint a special master to hear evidence
with a view to recommending specific terms for such decrees;
"(d) should this Court remand to the courts of first instance
with directions to frame decrees in these cases, and if so what
general directions should the decrees of this Court include and
what procedures should the courts of first instance follow in
arriving at the specific terms of more detailed decrees?
"The Attorney General of the United States is invited to take part
in the oral argument and to file an additional brief if he so desires."
No. 696. United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert Patrick
Morgan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 744. Avondale Marine Ways, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph H.
Henderson, Deputy Commissioner, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 720. LeRoy G. Charles, John L. Charles, et al., petitioners, v.
City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
238
No. 725. Charles Sedlacek, petitioner, v. Herbert H. Hann, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 728. Jesse Miller Sinclair, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 734. Estate of Mabel Cochran, Deceased; Sidney Elmer Coch-
ran et al., Executors et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 737. Herbert E. Toor and Florence D. Toor, petitioners, v.
Harry C. Westover. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 743. United States of America, ex rel. Mike Spinella, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph Savoretti, District Director of United States Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, District No. 6, Miami, Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 745. Julius Allen, petitioner, v. National Tube Company, a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 660. Victrylite Candle Co., a Wisconsin Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Charles F. Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture, et al. The
motion to substitute Ezra Taft Benson, present Secretary of Agricul-
ture in the place and stead of Charles F. Brannan, resigned; and
Herbert Brownell, Jr., present Attorney General, in the place and
stead of James P. McGranery, resigned, is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 718. Japan-Atlantic and Gulf Freight Conference et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America et al; and
No. 774. Federal Maritime Board, petitioner, v. United States of
America and Isbrandtsen Company, Incorporated. The motions in
No. 718 for a stay and to advance, and for leave to file brief of A/S J.
Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi and others as amici curiae are denied. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 732. Silvio DeVita, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey; and
No. 733. Joseph Grillo, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opin-
ion that the petitions should be granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
239
No. 740. Monte G. Cly, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to proceed on the typewritten record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 788. Robert Lopez, petitioner, v. American-Hawaiian Steam-
ship Company. Motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 341. William Poulos, appellant, v. The State of New
Hampshire;
No. 488. The Callanan Road Improvement Company, a Corpora-
tion, South Bethlehem, New York, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Cornell Steamboat
Company; and
No. 508. United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Building Company, a Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 566. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Edwin J. Bohnen, Executor of the
Estate of Mary A. Bohnen, and Individually, et al. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 591. Mallonee, Bucklin, and Fergus, et al., petitioners, v.
Fahey, Ammann, as Conservator, Home Loan Bank Board, et al.:
No. 592. Wilmington Federal Savings & Loan Association and
W. I. Gilbert, Jr., petitioners, v. Home Loan Bank Board et al.;
No. 593. Home Investment Co., petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al.;
No. 594. Ernest R. Utley, as Receiver for Federal Home Loan
Banks of Los Angeles, Portland or San Francisco, Whichever Exists,
petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al.;
No. 595. Robert H. Wallis and George Turner, petitioners, v.
Fahey, Ammann, as Conservator, Home Loan Bank Board, et al.;
No. 596. Title Service Company, Trustee on Deeds of Trust of
8,000 Homeowners, petitioner, v. Fahey, Ammann, as Conservator,
Home Loan Bank Board, et al.; and
No. 658. John D. Willhoit, petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al., and
Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 462, Misc. James Luther Tatum, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1953
240
No. 499, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Theodore
Elliott, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Baldi, Supt., etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 501, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 502, Misc. Barney Mallow, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 504, Misc. United States ex rel. Robert Patrick Morgan, peti-
tioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 507, Misc. Fannie McHarness, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 508, Misc. Rudolph LaMarr, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 509, Misc. Joseph Bernovich, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 512, Misc. Edward Gilbert, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 519, Misc. Jay H. Staley, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 522, Misc. Jesse Van Dyke, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 530, Misc. Melvin W. Hershey, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
Board of Parole et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 523, Misc. Henry Gartner, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John A. Royse, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Howard P. Travis, of
Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner; Ralph Roger
Williams, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., on motion of Mr. John Sparkman;
Charles Lee Barnett, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. James H.
Morrison; Clemmense M. White, of St. Joseph, Mo., on motion of
Mr. William C. Cole; Wingate H. Lucas, of Grapevine, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Fritz G. Lanham; Anthony C. Iannuccillo, of Ogunquit,
Maine, on motion of Mr. Robert Hale; Mark W. Gray, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; Henry J. Burt, Jr.,
of Louisville, Ky., and Robert E. Hatton, of Louisville, Ky., on motion
of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Huey B. Howerton, Jr., of Oxford, Miss.,
and Merton Roland Nachman, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer; Richard A. Billups, Jr., of Jackson,
Miss., on motion of Mr. William P. MacCracken, Jr.; Harlan Hagen,
of Hanford, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clyde Gilman Doyle; Harry
Cohn, of Newark, N. J., and Thomas F. Salter, of Camden, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Albert Wald, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Norman S. Altman; Charles Jay Hardee, Sr., of Tampa,
Fla., on motion of Heber H. Rice; Kenneth Koman Simon, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Walter H. Maloney; Aaron Schwartz, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Thos. E. Lodge; Charlotte Maskey,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Dorsey K. Offutt; Amos D.
Moscrip, Jr., of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Llewellyn
Wright; Harry Zimmerman, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Julius S. Wikler; George Samuel Clark, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko; Irwin Schneiderman, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. James E. Greeley; Mary Elizabeth Burke, of
Helena, Mont., on motion of Mr. Edward R. Burke; Lawrence
Scheewe, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Rowland F. Kirks;
Kenneth Dwight Berger, of Bessemer, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles
K. Chaplin; Edward E. Rousar, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
Robert Allen McGinnis; Louis N. Nichols, of Washington, D. C.,
Claire O. Ducker, Sr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William
C. DeLacy; Max Davis Wiviott, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
200218-53--81

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
242
George D. Sullivan; Lamar Elliott Kemp, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Walter Raymond Williams; John P. Moore, of Chevy
Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Frank James Whalen, Jr.; Marshall A.
Levin, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Harry O. Levin; Calvin
H. Cobb, Jr., of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Elisha Hanson;
Emmett L. Sheehan, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Emmett Leo Sheehan; David V. Lansden, of Cairo, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Alexander M. Heron; Matthew H. Brandenberg, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker; Willard H. Shaffer, of
Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; Albert H.
Greene, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore H. Wachtel;
Edward W. Fisher, of Alexandria, Va., and Thomas Richard Witmer,
of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Donald C. Beeler were admitted
to practice.
No. 517. Olive B. Barrows, Richard Pikaar, and M. M. O'Gara,
petitioners, v. Leola Jackson. On writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of the State of California, Second Appellate Dis-
trict. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Min-
ton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice
Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 548. Harry Renton Bridges, Henry Schmidt, and J. R. Robert-
son, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California
with direction to dismiss the indictment. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Minton join. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 634. United States of America, appellant, v. Lester E.
Grainger;
No. 635. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere
and William G. Kennedy; and
No. 636. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph C. Clavere,
William G. Kennedy, and A. L. Shapiro. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. Judg-
ment reversed and cases remanded for further proceedings consistent.
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice.
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
243
No. 391. Harry A. Stein, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York;
No. 392. Nathan Wissner, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 393. Calman Cooper, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 422. Robert W. Burns and Herman P. Dennis, Jr., petitioners,
v. Charles E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia. Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson announced the judgment of the Court in an
opinion in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr.
Justice Clark join. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Minton concurring in the affirmance of the judg-
ment. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 235, Misc. Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The petition for certiorari
is granted. Upon consideration of the Government's confession of
error, after reviewing the record in this case, we vacate the judgments
of the Court of Appeals and the District Court. The case is remanded
to the District Court for further proceedings in light of the con-
fession of error. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley
Klinger, William Cantor, and Morris Sandler. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per
Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 549. Harry Renton Bridges, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is reversed and the
case is remanded to the District Court with directions to dismiss the
ކ

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
244
proceedings. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice
Minton dissent for the reasons given in Mr. Justice Reed's dissenting
opinion in Bridges v. United States, No. 548, decided this day. Mr.
Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 750. United States of America, appellant, v. William B.
Berman and Theodore E. Berman. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California. Per Curiam:
Judgment reversed. United States v. Grainger et al., Nos. 634, 635,
and 636, decided this day. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, and Mr. Justice Douglas, adopting the reasoning in the opin-
ion of Judge Learned Hand in United States v. Klinger, 199 F. 2d 645,
would affirm the District Court in dismissing this indictment. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 676. Serve Yourself Gasoline Stations Association, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. A. A. Brock, as Director of the Department of Agricul-
ture of the State of California, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of California; and
No. 757. Frank Delay, Harry Arnold (True Name Henry Armel),
appellants, v. People of the State of California. Appeal from the
Superior Court in and for the County of Los Angeles, California.
Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 800. Dart Transit Company, appellant, v. Interstate Commerce
Commission United States of America, and Illinois-Minnesota Motor
Carriers Conference, Inc. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion probable jurisdiction
should be noted and the case set down for oral argument.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 5, Original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming and the State of Colorado. The joint motion for ap-
proval of a stipulation and to modify and supplement the decree is
granted and an order is entered in compliance with the stipulation.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is granted
and process is ordered to issue returnable within 60 days.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
245
Ernest H. Norback et al., appellants, v. Grand Central
Aircraft Co. The application for a stay of the interlocutory injunc-
tion is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Burton are of the
opinion the application should be granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 287. Al Polizzi, petitioner, v. Cowles Magazines, Inc. The
petition for clarification of the opinion is denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 696. United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert Patrick
Morgan. The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 823. Public Utilities Commission of the State of California
et al., appellants, v. United Air Lines, Inc., Catalina Air Transport
and Civil Aeronautics Board. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the motion to dis-
miss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 535. Pope & Talbot, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles Hawn and
Haenn Ship Ceiling and Refitting Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 764. Victor Emanuel Pereira and Eugene H. Brading, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 765. United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry Debrow;
No. 766. United States of America, petitioner, v. James H.
Wilkinson;
No. 767. United States of America, petitioner, v. Roy F. Brashier;
No. 768. United States of America, petitioner, v. Curtis Rogers;
and
No. 769. United States of America, petitioner, v. Forrest B. Jack-
son. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 773. Joseph Garner and A. Joseph Garner, Trading as Central
Storage and Transfer Company, petitioners, v. Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
and Helpers Local Union No. 776 (A. F. L.), et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District,
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 777. George Lewis Dickinson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
246
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 784. State of Nevada and the People of the State of New York,
petitioners, v. Joseph Stacher. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Seventh Judicial District Court in and for the County of White Pine,
Nev., granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 480, Misc. Sam Walder, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 787. Mississippi River Fuel Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit dismissed on motion
of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 506. Accinanto, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. A/S J. Ludwig
Mowinckels Rederi, and Cosmopolitan Shipping Co., Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 631. Continental Casualty Company, as Subrogee of Atlantic
and Gulf Stevedores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Steamship "Benny
Skou”, in rem. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 707. Scott Publishing Company and Hugh A. Scott and Erma
Scott, his Wife, petitioners, v. William J. Gaffney. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 738. Robert Spikings, petitioner, v. Wabash Railroad Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 741. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers,
Express and Station Employees, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 746. Michael M. Schneider, petitioner, v. Dan Gallagher,
Sheriff of the City and County of San Francisco, State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 751. Pearl Pearce, petitioner, v. Previews, Incorporated. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
247
No. 752. Marianne Yglesias, petitioner, v. Gulfstream Park Rac-
ing Association, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 753. Joseph Yglesias, petitioner, v. Gulfstream Park Racing
Association, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 754. Louis Pollock, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 755. The Reporter Publishing Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 756. Bascom Launder Corporation, Blue Rose Laundry Cor-
poration, et al., petitioners, v. Telecoin Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 759. Virginia Skovgaard, petitioner. v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 760. Trenton Chemical Company, a Michigan Corporation,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 770. The United States, petitioner, v. Gordon C. Thomas;
No. 771. The United States, petitioner, v. Edward W. Ramsey;
and
No. 772. The United States, petitioner, v. James William Frame.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 775. Brier Creek Hunting and Fishing Club, Inc., petitioner,
v. Screven County et al., Individually and as Board of County Com-
missioners of Screven County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 776. W. K. Ingram, Administrative Officer and County Judge
of Crittenden County, Arkansas, et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 780. Joseph J. Schallerer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 781. Painters District Council No. 6, Brotherhood of Painters,
Decorators, and Paperhangers of America, AFL, et al., petitioners, v.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
248
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 783. Morris Ratett, petitioner, v. Leo Kaplan, Trustee in
Bankruptcy of New Strand Theatre, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 786. Jack Smith Beverages, Inc., a Michigan Corporation,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 791. Marshall Neal, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 792. Kenneth Powell Davis, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 793. Caroline McDonald Wismiller, petitioner, v. Estate of
Henrietta E. Garrett, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 808. John W. Pattison, Aletheia E. Pattison, Anna W. Patti-
son, et al., petitioners, v. The Union Central Life Insurance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 812. General Motors Corporation and City Chevrolet Com-
pany, petitioners, v. John W. J. Ackermans. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 816. J. R. Cantrall and Jo G. Cantrall, Doing Business as
J. R. Cantrall Company, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 820. U. S. A. C. Transport, Inc. (also d/b/a U. S. Airplane
Transport, Inc.), petitioner, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 821. United States of America, ex rel. Mary Beck, petitioner,
v. Marcus T. Neelly, District Director, Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service, United States Department of Justice. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 825. James M. Reilly, Jr., a Minor, by James M. Reilly, Sr.,
His Father and Next Friend, petitioner, v. Chicago and North West-
ern Railway Company, a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
249
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 826. The Great Western Food Distributors, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Ezra Taft Benson (Successor to Charles F. Brannan), Sec-
retary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 836. 24 Digger Merchandising Machines, 1,428 Rouge Boxes,
16 Metal Boots, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 843. Robert Krause, Lawrence Miller, Thomas J. McManus,
Jr., et al., petitioners, v. William G. Bucher. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 845. Etta Mae Ferguson, Surety, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 681. Frank Cammarata, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Motion
to dispense with printing the record granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 726. Leonard S. Gordon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 742. Charles C. Patterson, petitioner, v. Lillie M. Saunders
et al. Motion to defer consideration denied. Motion to dispense with
printing petition, brief, and record granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 840. Miguel Gonzalez-Martinez, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon,
Los Angeles, District Director, Immigration and Naturalization
Service, et al. Motion to dispense with printing petition and record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 52. John Terry et al., petitioners, v. A. J. Adams et al.;
No. 290. Ernest A. Watson and M. Gladys Watson, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 671. Othello Washington, Ralph W. McKnight, Loretta J.
Wallace, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America; and
No. 719. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied.
200218-53- -82

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
250
No. 314. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Acting
Housing Expeditor. Motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 687. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter deems it appropriate to state once more that the rea-
sons that preclude publication by the Court, as a general practice, of
votes on petition for certiorari guide him in all cases, so that it has
been his "unbroken practice not to note dissent from the Court's dis-
position of petitions for certiorari." Chemical Bank Co. v. Investors,
343 U. S. 982; Maryland v. Baltimore Radio Show, 338 U. S. 912;
Darr v. Burford, 339 U. S. 200, 227; Agoston v. Pennsylvania, 340
U. S. 844; Bondholders, Inc. v. Powell, 342 U. S. 921; Rosenberg v.
United States, 344 U. S. 889, 345 U. S. 965. Partial disclosure of votes
on successive stages of a certiorari proceeding does not present an ac-
curate picture of what took place.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the petition for rehearing should
be granted.
No. 368, Misc. Florence McMillan Goodman and Frances Brodsky,
petitioners, v. Ed Leigh McMillan. Second petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 421, Misc. Mary M. Riley, petitioner, v. Department of the
Air Force, George F. Titus et al.;
No. 452, Misc. William Vanderwyde, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York; and
No. 460, Misc. Oscar Bryant, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 382, Misc. Harold Normandale, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 385, Misc. Edward Grass, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 404, Misc. Elbert Henry White, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 434, Misc. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
251
No. 445, Misc. Lewis Stephen Work, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 471, Misc. Theron Leroy Elder, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 492, Misc. Aaron Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 495, Misc. Theodore W. Thomas, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 498, Misc. Ida M. Picking and Guy W. Picking, petitioners,
v. Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 500, Misc. John P. Jordan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 503, Misc. Robert W. Laughton, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Supt., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 510, Misc. United States, ex rel. John Eldon Wells, petitioner,
v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madison County, Ill.,
denied.
No. 514, Misc. Gilbert F. Collie, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 515, Misc. Calvin Elton Barnett, petitioner, v. Roy E. Doer-
fler, Sheriff of Will County, Ill., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 518, Misc. Leo Luke, petitioner, v. State of Washington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 520, Misc. John Kells, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 521, Misc. John H. Lee, petitioner, v. William C. Kindelan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
252
No. 524, Misc. James Crosby, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 525, Misc. Paul Woodward Brink, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 526, Misc. Frank Whitney, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 529, Misc. Clarence Schell, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 532, Misc. Bernard Tabor, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 534, Misc. Sarah Ann Sanders, Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Southern Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 536, Misc. Roosevelt Allen, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 537, Misc. Harold Peer, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
etc., Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of West Virginia denied.
No. 542, Misc. Robert Landgraver, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 543, Misc. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 546, Misc. Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 547, Misc. Tom Eskridge, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Su-
perintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 549, Misc. Harley Butler, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 552, Misc. William Rupoli, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
253
of New York, Appellate Division, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 553, Misc. Spencer Walden, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 469, Misc. Marjorie A. Bowen, petitioner, v. County of Los
Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are
of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 470, Misc. Richard W. Petherbridge et al., petitioners, v.
County of Los Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 505, Misc. Frank Houston, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C. 2101 (d); Rule 38½ of the
Rules of this Court.
No. 511, Misc. John Harry Lee, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C. 2101 (d); Rule 38½ of the
Rules of this Court.
No. 540, Misc. Wiley J. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to enlarge time denied. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 545, Misc. Steve Kado, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 458, Misc. Lewis Stephen Work, petitioner, v. Chesley H.
Looney;
No. 516, Misc. In the Matter of the Petition of Alexander G. Jero-
nis, Petitioner, for an Original Writ of Habeas Corpus;
No. 517, Misc. Edwin J. Del'Marmol, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden;
No. 528, Misc. Ex parte Horst Baumgarten, petitioner;
No. 531, Misc. Elmer S. Whiting, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas;
No. 533, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden;

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
254
No. 539, Misc. Henry A. Swanson, petitioner, v. H. H. Hann,
Warden; and
No. 544, Misc. Carl William Burkholder, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 548, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. Lloyd M. McCorkle,
Acting Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied.
No. 506, Misc. Nancy Cross, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 527, Misc. In the Matter of John Wilson, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
-.
No. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v.
United States. An application for stay of execution was filed herein
on June 12, 1953. It was referred to Mr. Justice Jackson, the appro-
priate Circuit Justice. Mr. Justice Jackson referred it to the Court
for consideration and action, with the recommendation "that it be set
for oral hearing on Monday, June 15, 1953, at which time the parties
have agreed to be ready for argument."
Upon consideration of the recommendation, the Court declined to
hear oral argument on the application.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton, agreeing with Mr.
Justice Jackson's recommendation, believe that the application should
be set for hearing on Monday, June 15, 1953.
Thereupon, the Court gave consideration to the application for the
stay, and denies it, Mr. Justice Burton joining in such denial.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson, believing that the
application for a stay should not be acted upon without a hearing
before the full Court, do not agree that the stay should be denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the Court should grant a
rehearing and a stay pending final disposition of the case. But since
a sufficient number do not vote for a rehearing, he is willing to join
those who wish to hear argument on the question of a stay.
Mr. Justice Douglas would grant a stay and hear the case on the
merits, as he thinks the petition for certiorari and the petition for
rehearing present substantial questions. But since the Court has de-
cided not to take the case, there would be no end served by hearing oral
argument on the motion for a stay. For the motion presents no new
substantial question not presented by the petition for certiorari and
by the petition for rehearing.
-
No. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. Wil-
ford L. Denno, Warden of Sing Sing Prison. Motion for leave to file

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
255
petition for original writ of habeas corpus and stay of execution sub-
mitted by Mr. John F. Finerty for petitioners.
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term in
readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1953
256
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief
Justice having the approval of all the Associate Justices.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 1, Misc. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v.
Wilford L. Denno, Warden of Sing Sing Prison. The motion for
leave to file petition for an original writ of habeas corpus is denied.
Mr. Justice Black dissents.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter :
"The disposition of an application to this Court for habeas corpus
is so rarely to be made by this Court directly that Congress has given
the Court authority to transfer such an application to an appropriate
district court. 28 U. S. C., § 2241. I do not favor such a disposition
of this application because the substance of the allegations now made
has already been considered by the District Court for the Southern
District of New York and on review by the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Neither can I join the Court in denying the
application without more. I would set the application down for
hearing before the full Court tomorrow forenoon. Oral argument
frequently has a force beyond what the written word conveys."
✓
200218-53- -83

THURSDAY, JUNE 18, 1953
257
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief
Justice.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court is now convened in Special Term to consider an appli-
cation by the Attorney General (1) to review the stay of execution of
Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg, granted by Mr. Justice Doug-
las on June 17, 1953, or (2) for reconsideration and reaffirmance of
this Court's order of June 15, 1953, in No. 1, Misc., Julius Rosenberg
and Ethel Rosenberg, petitioners, v. Wilford L. Denno, Warden of
Sing Sing Prison, June 1953 Special Term, denying a stay.
"The Special Term convenes with the approval of all the Associate
Justices except Mr. Justice Black, who objects."
-
No. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg v. United States.
Argument on the motion of the Attorney General commenced by Mr.
Acting Solicitor General Stern in support of the motion; continued
by Mr. Daniel C. Marshall, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, on
motion of Mr. Emanuel H. Bloch in that behalf; by Mr. Emanuel H.
Bloch; by Mr. John F. Finerty; and by Mr. Fyke Farmer, in opposi-
tion thereto; and concluded by Mr. Acting Solicitor General Stern.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
Х
200218-53---84

FRIDAY, JUNE 19, 1953
258
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
-
No. Julius Rosenberg and Ethel Rosenberg v. United States of
America. On motion to vacate a stay. Order of Mr. Justice Douglas
granting stay of execution of death sentences vacated. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter is of opinion that the questions raised for the first time yesterday
before the full Court by the application of the Attorney General are
complicated and novel. I believe that, in order to enable the Court
to adjudicate these issues upon adequate deliberation, this application
should be disposed of only after opportunity has been afforded to
counsel for both sides to make an adequate study and presentation.
In due course, I will set forth more specifically the grounds for this
position. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and
Mr. Justice Minton join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark in which Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr.
Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton join. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Motion of counsel for petitioners for a further stay submitted by
Mr. Emanuel H. Bloch.
Motion for reconsideration of the question of the Court's power to
vacate Mr. Justice Douglas' stay order and to hear oral argument
submitted by Mr. Fyke Farmer.
Per Curiam: Motion of the petitioners for a further stay of the
execution, as set forth in the written motion, is denied. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter:
"On the assumption that the sentences against the Rosenbergs are
to be carried out at 11 o'clock tonight, their counsel ask this Court to
stay their execution until opportunity has been afforded to them to
invoke the constitutional prerogative of clemency. The action of
200218-53-85

FRIDAY, JUNE 19, 1953
259
this Court, and the division of opinion in vacating the stay granted
by Mr. Justice Douglas are, of course, a factor in the situation, which
arose within the last hour. It is not for this Court even remotely to
enter into the domain of clemency reserved by the Constitution ex-
clusively to the President. But the Court must properly take into
account the possible consequences of a stay or of a denial of a stay of
execution of death sentences upon making an appeal for executive
clemency. Were it established that counsel are correct in their as-
sumption that the sentences of death are to be carried out at 11 p. m.
tonight, I believe that it would be right and proper for this Court
formally to grant a stay with a proper time limit to give appropriate
opportunity for the process of executive clemency to operate. I justi-
fiably assume, however, that the time for the execution has not been.
fixed as of 11 o'clock tonight. Of course I respectfully assume that
appropriate consideration will be given to a clemency application by
the authority constitutionally charged with the clemency function."
Per Curiam: The motion for reconsideration of the question of the
Court's power to vacate Mr. Justice Douglas' stay order and hear oral
argument is denied. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter desires that it be noted that he too would deny the motion to
reconsider the power of this Court to review Mr. Justice Douglas'
order to stay the execution, but not because he thinks the matter is
free from doubt. See his dissenting opinion in Ex parte Peru, 318
U. S. 578, 590, in connection with Lambert v. Barrett, 157 U. S. 697
and Carper v. Fitzgerald, 121 U. S. 87.
The Special Term is adjourned.
☑