OCTOBER TERM, 1954
Number of cases on dockets….
STATISTICS
Miscella-
Original Appellate
Total
neous
Cases disposed of
Remaining on dockets.
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions____.
By per curiam opinions__
11
843
712
1,566
0
721
640
1,361
11
122
72
205
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases) _.
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinion_____
By per curiam opinions__
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
By denial or withdrawal of other applications_
By dismissal of appeals___
By transfer to Appellate Docket___
86
99
4
532
0
3
494
126
8
9
Number of written opinions__
78
Number of printed per curiam opinions.
2
Number of petitions for certiorari granted
-.
120
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned
18
Number of admissions to bar (262 admitted Apr. 25) _ 2,279
REFERENCE INDEX
Court convened October 4.
Vinson, C. J., resolutions of the Bar presented (Oct. 25) --
Jackson, J., death of (Oct. 9, 1954) announced---
Resolutions of the Bar presented (April 4)
Harlan, J., commission read and oath taken (March 28).
Roberts, J. (resigned), death of (May 17, 1955) announced___
Frankfurter, J., temporarily assigned to Second Circuit
Allotment of Justices_.
313093-55- -79
Page
45
4
182
164
254
88
204

II
Sound amplifying equipment installed in Courtroom on trial
basis and used throughout the term___
Announcement of four-day argument week beginning next
Page
term___.
284
Court adjourned early because of hurricane warning (Oct. 15) –
Conference room session__
35
61
Attorney:
Change of name_
84
7
176,283
116,272
9, 143
256
Order of disbarment set aside (In re Isserman, 5 Misc.) ---
Rules to show cause why judgments for costs should not be
entered (Jones et al.) ___
Counsel appointed (468, 815) (See amicus curiae) ….
Special Master:
Motions referred to (9 and 10 Orig.)
Compensation awarded (11 Orig.) ---
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 41 (1) amended so as to require
filing of petitioner's or appellant's brief 45 days after case
taken, where copies of record can be furnished-
Opinion amended (153)_.
Order modified (250 Misc.)_
Judgment announced—no opinion of the Court (51) ……….
284
220
120
167
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (28, 157, 213) -- 75,208
Judgment vacated on jurisdictional statement and case re-
manded with directions to dismiss as moot (508)-
138
Judgment reversed on jurisdictional statement on authority of
recent case (320–322) ---
218
Judgment state court vacated on jurisdictional statement, case
moot (111) __
8
Judgment vacated and case remanded with directions to dismiss
petition for habeas corpus as moot (118) --.
63
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
with directions to dismiss as moot (604) (581 Misc.) - 218, 272
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Court of Appeals for reconsideration in light of order of
Corp. Comm. of Oklahoma (274) -----
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
"for disposition agreeable to the representation of counsel for
respondents" (427)
Judgment vacated in series of cases on petition for certiorari
and cases remanded to Court of Appeals for consideration in
light of "net worth decisions" (12 etc.) ----
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari upon consideration
of confession of error and examination of record (31 Misc.) -
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and earlier judg-
ment reinstated (534)-
63
93
102
128
156

III
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Court of Appeals for consideration of certain question
(644) __
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
for new trial in accordance with the Government's suggestion
(663) ____
Judgment state court reversed on petition for certiorari (567) –
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari (88, 530, 525).
Page
237
264
161
7,
143, 156
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari and case remanded
with directions to dismiss indictment (416) ---
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari and cases re-
manded for retrial "in the interests of justice and in the exer-
cise of the supervisory powers of this Court" (538, 548) ----
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari citing recent de-
cisions (450 etc.) --
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari on consideration
of confession of error and authority of recently decided case
(595) ___
Order of Court of Appeals reversed on petition for certiorari
“insofar as it denies petitioners leave to proceed in forma
pauperis" citing Adkins v. DuPont, 335 U. S. 331 (327
Misc.)
Amicus curiae:
Solicitor General invited to argue (357, 236)
93
161
168
236
129
65, 144
10, 13
Solicitor General invited to file brief (220, 186, 236) ------ 10,
Argued with consent of party (20, 53, 97, 184, 367) ------40, 224,
73, 125, 151, 152
Invited to argue in support of judgment (261, see opinion) _ 85
Invited to argue on behalf of petitioner (412, see opinion) _ 156
Leave to file brief granted (131, 406, 357, 394) ------116, 129, 169
Leave to file brief denied with two justices dissenting
(157)___
144
Six states and the United States argued as amici curiae
in school segregation cases-
213
Case called to attention of National Mediation Board with
Court expressing "its readiness to accept any brief it
might wish to submit" (131) --
116
Argument pro hac vice (119) --
Argument:
Motion to postpone granted (301)---
Court declined to hear further argument (368).
Motion to remove from summary calendar granted (417) --
Twelve and one-half hours in school segregation cases ____
Case ordered argued after submission on briefs (261)
211
78,85
71
138
153
169

IV
Argument-Continued
Cases continued "in view of absence of a full Court" (school
segregation cases)
No cases heard from Nov. 18 to Jan. 31 due to operation of
new rules.
Reargument ordered (20, 157, 213, 150).
Brief:
Page
85
76,246, 272
Motion to strike opposition for reason of late filing granted
(166) __
24
Motion to strike because two cases consolidated, denied
(191 and 321)--
138
Memoranda requested after argued case considered in con-
ference (387)
Damages-motion for, denied (79 Misc., 581) ___
In forma pauperis-motion to so proceed granted and certiorari
denied in case where court below had denied leave to proceed
237
93, 202
in forma pauperis (541 Misc.) (see also 327 Misc., page 129) - 275
Veteran motion to proceed as, granted (246) ___.
Motion to clarify and define assignments of error denied (162) -
Motion as to printing record denied (236) --
Parties:
Motion to add party denied without prejudice to renewal
on remand to District Court (230)-
57
9
93, 119
143
Substitution of state officer permitted where it was shown
that he had been in office more than six months (204) ---
117
Stay, referred to Court, denied (414)-
57
Stay of execution granted (Irvin)
61
Bail, referred to Court, denied (393 Misc.).
112
92
202
Appeal from and certiorari to U. S. Court of Appeals-judg-
ment affirmed and writ dismissed (6, see opinion) ---
Appeal dismissed for want of final judgment with three Justices
dissenting (594) ---
Appeal papers treated as petition for certiorari as to questions
not reviewable on appeal (250 Misc., 701)
Certiorari:
120, 256
Original petition granted and supplemental petition denied
(145) __
Motion to file supplement to petition granted (478) ---
Denied without prejudice to prosecute appeal in state court
(2 Misc.); to file habeas corpus in U. S. District Court
(53 Misc., 285, 47 Misc.)
12
169
32, 59, 98
Denied for reason judgment based on state grounds ade-
quate to support it (318) ---
59

Certiorari-Continued
Motion for an order nunc pro tunc extending time to file
petition where there had been a delay in transit denied
(I. L. W. U. v. N. L. R. B.) ___
Writs dismissed as improvidently granted (32, 28, see
opinion, 20, see opinion) ___
Rehearing:
Page
104
128, 236, 270
Granted and order of disbarment vacated (5 Misc., see
order)--
Granted (622 O. T. 1953-on petition for certiorari; 304
O. T. 1953—after decision on the merits and also after
expiration of judgment term, see 28 U. S. C. 452), and
cases remanded for reconsideration in light of "net worth
decisions"
Granted after affirmance by equally divided Court and writ
dismissed as improvidently granted (28, see opinion).
Granted after affirmance by equally divided Court (157,
213)
7
103
236
246
Time to file limited (742) ---
265
Order suspending call of docket entered April 18, 1955; argu-
ments completed April 22--
221
Final order (June 6, 1955)-
284
D S. GOVERNMENT PRInting officE: 195$



MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Lowell Blum, of Wantagh, N. Y.; George A. Murphy, of Freeport,
N. Y.; William J. Deeley, Jr., of Freeport, N. Y.; Irving E. Dickman,
of Seaford, N. Y.; Albert A. Oppido, of New Hyde Park, N. Y.;
Byron G. van Horne, of Mineola, N. Y.; Nathanial S. Rudes, of
Lynbrook, N. Y.; Comunardo L. Renzulli, of Rockville Centre, N. Y.;
Edward T. O'Brien, of Westbury, N. Y.; Edward C. Schiffmacher,
of Baldwin, N. Y.; Nathaniel A. Kahn, of West Hempstead, N. Y.;
Howard A. Rochford, of Rockville Centre, N. Y.; Abraham H. Mos-
kowitz, of Merrick, N. Y.; Alvin L. Weil, of Westbury, N. Y.; Ben-
jamin Beskin, of Wantagh, N. Y.; Richard E. Rahn, of Massapequa,
N. Y.; Leonard L. Rivkin, of Freeport, N. Y.; William Gitelman, of
Merrick, N. Y.; Frank Makara, of New York, N. Y.; James W. Clair,
of East Rockaway, N. Y.; Peter S. Ingoglia, of Wantagh, N. Y.;
Theodore D. Rothenberg, of Wantagh, N. Y.; William F. Hartnett,
Jr., of Westbury, N. Y.; Arthur B. Minikes, of Oceanside, N. Y.;
Julius M. Gerzof, of Freeport, N. Y.; Walter G. Michaelis, of Bald-
win, N. Y.; Joseph Hittner, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Samuel M. Rapps,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Paul Kellner, of Franklin Square, N. Y.; Joseph
Stern, of Farmingdale, N. Y.; Allan Hyman, of Freeport, N. Y.;
Samuel S. Schwartz, of Valley Stream, N. Y.; Alfred B. Hauft, of
Freeport, N. Y.; Harold Weil, of Freeport, N. Y.; Salvatore M.
Milano, of Lynbrook, N. Y.; Edwin J. Freedman, of Freeport, N. Y.;
Walter G. Kapp, of Freeport, N. Y.; Calvin Raff, of Flushing, N. Y.;
Meyer F. Goodman, of Freeport, N. Y.; George Morton Levy, of
Mineola, N. Y.; Tullio A. Tomaselli, of Freeport, N. Y.; Elihu Ber-
man, of Freeport, N. Y.; Nathan Dorfman, of Glen Cove, N. Y.;
David Quient, of Baldwin, N. Y.; Charles Robert Carroll, of Hicks-
ville, N. Y.; Abraham S. Hittner, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; William A.
Speckels, of Seaford, N. Y.; Herbert H. Kunmann, of Hempstead,
N. Y.; James N. MacLean, of Massapequa, N. Y.; Victor H. Leff, of
Freeport, N. Y.; William H. Chandler, of Merrick, N. Y.; Willis B.
Carman, of Farmingdale, N. Y.; John Buckley, of Baldwin, N. Y.;
Seymour Fischman, of Mineola, N. Y.; George Gewanter, of Cedar-
hurst, N. Y.; Rufus Dinkle McLean, of Catlettsburg, Ky.; Leopold
Lee Bernstein, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Philip A. Lozowick, of Chicago,
313093-54-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1954
2
Ill.; Richard Joseph Blanchard, of Toledo, Ohio; Joseph H. Lesh,
of Huntington, Ind.; J. Smith Henley, of Harrison, Ark.; Glenn W.
Blackshear, of Washington, D. C.; and William C. Wise, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
John H. Merchant, of Amarillo, Tex., and J. O. Fitzjarrald, of
Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter Rogers; Joseph Weldon
Bailey Humphreys, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Tom Pickett;
Richard W. Ervin, of Tallahassee, Fla., George E. Owen, of Talla-
hassee, Fla.; Ralph E. Odum, of Tallahassee, Fla.; and Robert H.
Carlton, of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. James P. McGranery;
Donald Cefaratti, Jr., of Washington, D. C., and Samuel Voltaggio,
of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Anthony J. Siciliano; David H.
Loeffler, of Bristow, Okla., on motion of Mr. Roberts Browning
Larson; John Raymond Hannon, of Yonkers, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Royal M. Galvin, of Beverly Hills,
Calif., and Daniel Schnabel, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Omar L. Crook; Thomas H. Barkdull, Jr., of Miami Beach,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Arden L. Andresen; Hyman Stein, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Solomon Rionis Agar, of Staten Island, N. Y.; Bernard
P. Lampert, of New York, N. Y., and Edward S. Wachsman, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob Padawer; Edward D. Re,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Leroy Jones; Vernon
Barrett, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Rogers;
Reginald R. Rambo, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph
A. Nacrelli; William J. McGair, of Providence, R. I.; Samuel Wein-
traub, of Providence, R. I., and Francis J. McElhiney of Providence,
R. I., on motion of Mr. Robert T. Murphy; Claude L. McCoy, of
Lake Worth, Fla., on motion of Mr. William Amory Underhill;
Warren Freedman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob
Reck; George L. Feaster, of Plainfield, N. J., on motion of Mr. Ira
L. Ewers; Abel Levy, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert
B. Frank; Murray G. Smyth, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr.
James E. Kilday; Seymour W. Miller, of New York, N. Y., and
Lucian J. Endicott, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Ray R. Mur-
dock; Edward J. Ryan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
R. Nelligan; B. Nathaniel Richter, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Bert B. Rand; Harold S. Larsen, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Robert Sheriffs Moss; Loren Boyd Poush, of Arling-
ton, Va., on motion of Mr. Eulan I. Snyder; Ambrose T. Hartman,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. J. Edgar Harvey; Ford Hen-
dricks, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert L. Toomey, of Washington,
D. C., and Rufus Edwin Stetson, Jr., of Bethesda, Md., on motion
of Mr. Floyd F. Toomey; John C. Mullen, of Omaha, Nebr., on
motion of Mr. George B. Searls; George W. Shoemaker, of Spokane,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Newell A. Clapp; Theodore I. Seamon, of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1954
3
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Philip R. Collins; Thomas B.
Tinnon, of Mountain Home, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edward D.
Dupree, Jr.; William Hugh Overcash, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. Wilbur Bruce O'Brien; John T. Lynch, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.,
and Edward John Skeens, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
James M. McInerney; John R. Harrison, of Denver, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Robert M. Scott; Charles McCurdy Mathias, Jr., of Frederick,
Md., on motion of Mr. J. Edgar Harvey; Paul McLane Conway, of
Scranton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Joseph Michael Francis Ryan, Jr.;
Dovey J. Rountree, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Julius
W. Robertson; and Len G. McCormick, of Midland, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Ralph D. Pittman, were admitted to practice.
Adjourned until Monday, October 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 6,
11, and 7.
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"One short week ago this Court convened for its 164th Term, its
membership intact and cheerfully anticipating the work before us.
Today the chair of our Brother Jackson is vacant, and we are sad
indeed. He passed away last Saturday suddenly but by the Grace of
God without suffering. For this we are all grateful, because he lived
and died as was his great desire-active and useful to the end.
"Able lawyer, statesman and jurist, his passing leaves a great void
in this Court. We shall miss greatly his wise counsel, his clarity of
expression and his genial companionship.
"For 20 years, as General Counsel, as Solicitor General, as Attorney
General of the United States, and as a member of this Court, he
labored manfully with the complex and baffling problems of our time.
His contributions were great. He has earned his rest.
"Funeral services will be held tomorrow afternoon at three o'clock
at the Washington Cathedral, this city. His body will then be taken
tenderly to Jamestown, New York, the little city of his youth, where,
in pleasant and familiar surroundings, it will abide in peace among
his earliest friends.
"In respect to his memory, this Court will now adjourn until Thurs-
day, October 14, 1954, at twelve noon."
Adjourned until Thursday, October 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos.
6, 11, and 7.
Х
313093-54-3

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William F. Tompkins, of Maplewood, N. J., William Burwell
Bantz, of Spokane, Wash., Leon P. Miller, of Welch, W. Va., Frank
Owen Evans, of Milledgeville, Ga., Julian T. Gaskill, of Goldsboro,
N. C., B. Hayden Crawford, of Tulsa, Okla., Anthony Julian, of
Watertown, Mass., Thomas R. Ethridge, of Oxford, Miss., W. Wilson
White, of Philadelphia, Pa., Donald R. Ross, of Omaha, Nebr.,
George Harrold Carswell, of Tallahassee, Fla., Phil M. McNagny,
Jr., of Columbia City, Ind., Heard L. Floore, of Fort Worth, Tex.,
Paul W. Cress, of Perry, Okla., Francis Everett Van Alstine, of
Pocahontas, Iowa, Clinton G. Richards, of Deadwood, S. Dak., Jack
D. H. Hays, of Phoenix, Ariz., Robert E. Hauberg, of Jackson,
Miss., John R. Morris, of Clarksburg, W. Va., John B. Stoddart,
Jr., of Springfield, Ill., William Cozart Calhoun, of Augusta, Ga.,
Frank D. McSherry, of McAlester, Okla., Alonzo Pratt Kesler, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, Roy L. Stephenson, of Des Moines, Iowa, Rubén
Rodriguez-Antongiorgi, of San Juan, P. R., Clarence Edwin Luckey,
of Eugene, Oreg., William Carter Farmer, of Wichita, Kans., Hugh
Krepps Martin, of Columbus, Ohio, Jacob S. Temkin, of Providence,
R. I., Frederick William Kaess, of Detroit, Mich., T. Fitzhugh Wilson,
of Monroe, La., James L. Guilmartin, of Miami, Fla., Louis Gorman
Whitcomb, of Springfield, Vt., Frank M. Johnson, Jr., of Jasper,
Ala., Theodore F. Bowes, of Syracuse, N. Y., Maurice Paul Bois, of
Manchester, N. H., Leonard Gawthrop Hagner, of Wilmington, Del.,
Sumner Peter Mills, Jr., of Farmington, Maine, Simon S. Cohen,
of Ellington, Conn., Krest Cyr, of Missoula, Mont., Robert Vogel,
of Garrison, N. Dak., Charles Ferguson Herring, of Austin, Tex.,
Wendell Alverson Miles, of Holland, Mich., N. Welch Morrisette, Jr.,
of Columbia, S. C., James M. Baley, Jr., of Marshall, N. C., Louis B.
Blissard, of Honolulu, T. H., Fred Elledge, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn.,
John Strickler, of Roanoke, Va., Lester Shields Parsons, Jr., of Nor-
folk, Va., Theodore Fulton Stevens, of Fairbanks, Alaska, Madison
B. Graves, of Las Vegas, Nev., Sumner Canary, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Edwin R. Denney, of Lexington, Ky., John F. Raper, Jr., of Cheyenne,
Wyo., Rowland K. Hazard, of Ancon, C. Z., William M. Steger,
of Tyler, Tex., Lloyd Hudson Burke, of San Francisco, Calif., and
313093-54-4

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
6
John Calvin Crawford, Jr., of Marysville, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Attorney General Herbert Brownell, Jr.; Jerome J. Schwartz, of
Mount Vernon, N. Y., Louis M. Welsh, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Thomas H. McGrail, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Simon E. Sobeloff; Carl J. Richard, of Louisville, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Joseph A. Herbers, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. James P. Kem; George W. Reiber, of Bethesda,
Md., on motion of Mr. William P. MacCracken, Jr.; Ernest
B. Helsley, of Fort Worth, Tex., Theodore G. Schirmeyer, of Houston,
Tex., and Mark Martin, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C.
Perry; Eugene L. Trope, of Beverly Hills, Calif., Sorrell Trope, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., and Walter C. Frame, of Sacramento, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Howard H. Schmidt; Joyce I. Pueser, of St. Louis,
Mo., and Janice M. Pueser, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Paul
J. Kaveney; Daisy Gammage Richards, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Linton M. Collins; Marshall A. Martin, Jr., of Herndon, Va.,
Gordon M. Owen, of Taunton, Mass., and John S. Davenport III,
of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry H. Fowler; Ennis E.
Walden, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on motion of Mr. Roger L. Burum;
Henry Gifford Hardy, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Wayne L. Benedict; Stanley D. Metzger, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Monroe Karasik; George A. Helmer, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Tom Killifer; Harrison B. Steward, of Winter
Park, Fla., on motion of Mr. Luke R. Lamb; Donald Joseph Fort-
man, of Chicago, Ill., Roy Edward Graham, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Melvin Alfred Bruck, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Tilden
Rogers; Benjamin Simon, of Adelphi, Md., on motion of Mr.
Edward August Waldmann; Edward M. C. Freeman, of Knoxville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. William Beasley Harris; Leonard S. Melrod,
of Washington, D. C., John J. Darcy, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Jack Lawrence Friedlander; Earl E. Leming, of Knoxville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. John Lenzie Rogers; J. Edward Shinn, of
Philadelphia, Pa., and John Thomas Love, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Charles Willard Hayes; Sherman Levy, of Annapolis, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Donald Levy; Frank B. Steinkirchner, of Wichita, ·
Kans., William C. Hamilton, Jr., of Mount Sterling, Ky., Owen J.
Redmond, Jr., of Wichita, Kans., Charles Robert Minich, of Wichita,
Kans., Fred J. Gasser, of Wichita, Kans., Wallace Benjamin Foster,
of Wichita, Kans., Yale Wesley Gifford, of Wichita, Kans., Eugene
S. Hames, of Denver, Colo., Gerald L. Stapp, of Denver, Colo., Jack
P. Gibson, of Denver, Colo., Paul F. Goldsmith, of Denver, Colo.,
Hubert Fletcher Thomas, Jr., of Denver, Colo., Laird S. Campbell,
of Denver, Colo., Christopher Thomas O'Neill, of Denver, Colo.,
Richard Carter Cockrell, of Denver, Colo., and Luis D. Rovira, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; Chas. L. Mayer,

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
7
of Shreveport, La., Whitfield Jack, of Shreveport, La., and Benjamin
C. King, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. John M. Madison;
Cleveland C. Burton, of Shreveport, La., and Richard H. Switzer,
of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mrs. Florence deHaas Dembitz, were
admitted to practice.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following order:
No. 5, Misc. OCTOBER TERM, 1952.
PER CURIAM:
In re Disbarment of Abraham J. Isserman.
April 6, 1953, an order was entered disbarring Isserman from the
practice of law in this Court pursuant to Rule 2, par. 5, of this Court's
Rules then in effect. See In re Isserman, 345 U. S. 286. The order of
disbarment is now before us on a motion for rehearing. Rule 8 of our
present Rules provides that "no order of disbarment will be entered.
except with the concurrence of a majority of the justices participat-
ing." The motion for rehearing is granted. A majority of the justices
participating do not find ground for disbarment of Isserman. Accord-
ingly, the former order of disbarment is set aside and the rule against
Isserman to show cause is discharged.
MR. JUSTICE BURTON, with whom MR. JUSTICE REED and MR. JUSTICE
MINTON join, dissents for the reasons stated in the opinion announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, April 6, 1953, in In re Isserman, 345
U. S. 286.
MR. JUSTICE REED also calls attention to his dissent in Sacher v.
Association of the Bar, 347 U. S. 388, 390.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE and MR. JUSTICE CLARK did not participate in
the consideration or decision of this matter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 88. Margaret Shiver Williams, petitioner, v. Carolina Life In-
surance Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is
reversed.
No. 106. Stapling Machines Co., appellant, v. A. H. Stone, Chair-
State Tax Commission of the State of Mississippi and J. E.
man,

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
8
Stone, General Counsel for the State Tax Commission for the State
of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi;
No. 116. Leo H. Bohling, appellant, v. Edward Corsi, Commis-
sioner, and/or Division of Employment of the Department of Labor
of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York; and
No. 152. Ira W. Jayne et al., Judges of the Circuit Court of Wayne
County, Michigan, et al., appellants, v. City of Detroit et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam: The motions
to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question.
No. 111. H. J. Harris, George W. Hartman, Olen B. Hiner, et al.,
appellants, v. John S. Battle, Governor of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia. Per Curiam: The motion to substitute Thomas B. Stanley as
a party appellee in the place and stead of John S. Battle is granted.
It appearing that the cause has become moot, the judgment of the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia is vacated and the cause is
remanded for such proceedings as by that Court may be deemed ap-
propriate. United States v. Anchor Coal Co., 279 U. S. 812. Mr.
Justice Reed would dismiss the appeal for lack of jurisdiction. Nor-
folk Turnpike Co. v. Virginia, 225 U. S. 264, 269. Since the Court,
however, treats the appeal as properly before it, he votes to dismiss
on the ground of mootness. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the case is not moot
and that this Court should consider and decide the federal questions
raised.
No. 115. William Forrest Trafton, appellant, v. State of Texas.
Appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 167. Joseph Pomprowitz, a Sole Trader, Doing Business as
L. C. L. Transit Company, et al., appellants, v. United States of Amer-
ica and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin; and
No. 177. McGraw Electric Company et al., appellants, v. United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission and the Akron,
Canton & Youngstown Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.
Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgments
are affirmed.
No. 176. Arkansas Fuel Oil Corporation, appellant, v. Rufus W.
Fontenot, Collector of Revenue of the State of Louisiana. Appeal

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
9
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 6. B. Clinton Watson et ux., appellants, v. Employers Liability
Assurance Corporation, Ltd., et al. The motion to dismiss is denied.
No. 7. Wilburn Boat Company et al., petitioners, v. Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company. The motion for leave to file brief of
Stephen V. Carey and others as amici curiae is denied.
No. 648, October Term, 1953. Lester Brand and Mary Brand, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The petition for writ
of mandamus is denied.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. The plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the prayer
of its complaint is hereby referred to John Raeburn Green, Special
Master, to hear the parties and report his opinion and recommenda-
tion as to whether the motion should be granted and whether if granted
it would cure any defect of parties herein.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. The motion of Eleanor R. Woolgar and Erma L. Rich-
ards for leave to intervene as codefendants is denied.
No. 162. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company. Appeal from the United States District
Court of Delaware. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion to clarify and define the assignment of errors is denied. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
questions.
No. 171. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant,
v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 172. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of Amer-
ica, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al;
No. 282. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant,
v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al;
and
No. 283. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeals from
the United States District Court for the District of Utah. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The cases are consolidated and
a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 204. Society for Savings in the City of Cleveland, appellant, v.
John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
313093-54-5

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
10
No. 220. First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Warren,
appellant, v. Stanley W. Bowers (Successor to John W. Peck) Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Ohio.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are trans-
ferred to the summary calendar. The Solicitor General is invited
to file a brief as amicus curiae. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of these questions.
No. 10. The United States, petitioner, v. Olympic Radio and Tele-
vision, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims granted.
No. 32. State of California on Relation of Edmund G. Brown,
Attorney General, et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis Union Trust Com-
pany, a Corporation Organized Under the Laws of the State of
Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of
Appeals of Missouri granted.
No. 55. Indiana Department of State Revenue, Gross Income Tax
Division, State of Indiana, petitioner, v. Mark E. Nebeker. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana granted.
No. 97. Lloyd Weber, Russell Davis, Walter Patrick, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri granted.
No. 125. Wayne Harsh, petitioner, v. Illinois Terminal Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois granted.
No. 131. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorf, J. H. Sylvester, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 150. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner, v. Harold E. Talbott, Secretary of the United States Air
Force. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 153. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Drexel
and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 163. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, Co-partners Trad-
ing as Independent Poster Exchange, petitioners, v. National Screen
Service Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 203. Frank Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
11
No. 213. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 263. The United States of America and the Secretary of Com-
merce as Successor of the Chairman of the United States Maritime
Commission, petitioners, v. California Eastern Line, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 48. Louis Shomberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 104. United States of America, petitioner, v. Richard Issac
Menasche. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 50. William A. Bisso, Jr., Receiver, New Orleans Coal and
Bisso Towboat Co., petitioner, v. Inland Waterways Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 70. Boston Metals Company, Formerly Named Boston Iron
and Metal Company, as Owner of the Canadian Destroyer "St. Fran-
cis", petitioner, v. S/S "Winding Gulf" and Massachusetts Trustees
of Eastern Gas and Fuel Associates. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 210. United States of America, as Owner of the S. S. Christo-
pher Gale, petitioner, v. Chris Nielson et al., Co-Partners Trading
Under the Firm Name and Style of Dauntless Towing Line, as Owner
of the Tug Dauntless #6. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 69. Joe Valdez Gonzales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 164. Philip Andrew Witmer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
12
No. 250. Anthony Tony Sicurella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 251. Robert Simmons, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 80. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Rhodes Pharma-
cal Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 105. Francis G. A. O'Neill, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 114. General American Investors Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 199. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Glen-
shaw Glass Company and William Goldman Theatres, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 173. Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Richman Brothers Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 230. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Joyce Agency, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 145. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. John M. Bonds, Officer in
Charge, U. S. Immigration and Naturalization Service. Original
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted. Supplemental petition denied.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Motion for
leave to file brief of National Association of Stevedores as amicus
curiae denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
13
No. 186. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ken-
tucky granted. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief setting
forth the views of the National Labor Relations Board.
No. 236. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nel-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Western District, granted. The Solicitor General is invited
to file a brief setting forth the views of the Government. Motion
of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
No. 95, Misc. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes Brothers Steam-
ship Co., Inc. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 42. Edward Tillman, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 47. Ralph D. Pittman, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 56. Smith-Douglass Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 60. United States, petitioner, v. Smith-Douglass Company, Inc.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 57. National Beverage Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 58. Junior Toy Corporation, Peerless Tool and Engineering
Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 59. Pacific Contact Laboratories, Inc., Morris Green and Lee
W. Hoggan, petitioners, v. Solex Laboratories, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 61. Capital Transit Company, petitioner, v. Public Utilities
Commission of the District of Columbia and Potomac Electric Power
Company; and
No. 66. Potomac Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. Capital
Transit Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
313093-54- -6

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
14
No. 62. Gustaf Rensta, d/b/n/c/t/a of the Estate of Olof Zetter-
lund, Deceased, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Beverly Beach Properties,
Inc., a Florida Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 63. The Gideons International, a Corporation of Illinois, et al.,
petitioners, v. Bernard Tudor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 65. Eleanor Brown, Bertha Allen, Edward Allen and Louis
Brown, petitioners, v. Adele Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 67. Hall Bros., et al., petitioners, v. City of Cleveland et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 68. Glo Co., an Illinois Corporation, petitioner, v. T. F. Murchi-
son and Company, a Delaware Corporation, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 73. Sam Sweet, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 74. Nicholai Chomiak, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 75. George Charnowola, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 77. Excel Packing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Neil S. McCarthy, Marguerite G. McCarthy, his wife, and
Fred B. Huesman, et al., petitioners, v. City of Manhattan Beach, a
Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 79. Las Vegas Merchant Plumbers Association, Merchant
Plumbers Exchange, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 84. Ralph Alsup, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 82. Ernestine C. Siniscal and Vernie Reed, Administratrix of
the Estate of Elmer A. Reed, Deceased, petitioners, v. United States
of America, as Trustee and Guardian, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 83. The Housing Authority of the City of Dallas, petitioner,
v. Eddie Thomas et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
15
No. 85. Andrija Artukovic, petitioner, v. Rafo Ivancevic, Consul
General of the Federal Peoples' Republic of Jugoslavia, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 86. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 90. Martin E. Wolin, Individually, Martin E. Wolin, Ltd., and
Chal Steel Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 91. John F. Williams, petitioner, v. Laurence B. Robbins, Ad-
ministrator, Reconstruction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 92. George Schmidt, petitioner, v. The Crowell-Collier Pub-
lishing Company and Tucker Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 93. George Schmidt, petitioner, v. The Reader's Digest Asso-
ciation, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 94. George Schmidt, petitioner, v. Esquire, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 95. Faye B. Black, Administratrix of the Estate of Ernest B.
Black, Deceased, petitioner, v. Harold A. Lockhart, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, Sixth District of Missouri. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 96. Compagnie Nationale Air France, petitioner, v. Edith Kom-
los, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Emery
Komlos, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 98. R. D. Nesen, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 99. The United Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities and Ex-
change Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 101. Victrylite Candle Co., a Wisconsin Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
16
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 102. Hotpoint Co., a Division of General Electric Company, a
New York Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 103. James S. Turner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 107. Geigy Company, Inc., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 108. Aaron Borin, d/b/a Wichita Packing Company, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 110. Erick Rios Bridoux, petitioner, v. Eastern Air Lines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 112. Mark Waldrip, petitioner, v. Hudson Sales Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 113. Frank Dolmage, petitioner, v. Chicago, Rock Island &
Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 122. Billie Louise Harris, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 123. Alfred H. Osborne, petitioner, v. Arvid Owsley, Sheriff
of Jackson County, Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 124. Local No. 3, United Packinghouse Workers of America,
CIO, petitioner, v. Wilson & Co., Inc., and National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 128. Proctor Electric Corporation, petitioner, v. Maslo Manu-
facturing Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 129. San Juan Trading Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The Mex-
ican Steamship Marmex, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 134. Gulf-Tide Stevedores, Inc., and Texas Employers' In-
surance Association, petitioners, v. Hugh A. Voris, Deputy Commis-
sioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
17
1
No. 137. Illinois Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 138. Excel Auto Radiator Company, petitioner, v. The Bishop
and Babcock Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 139. Paul A. Straub & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 141. Famous Realty, Inc., petitioner, v. James P. Mitchell, Sec-
retary of Labor, United States Department of Labor. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 142. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
Rudd Patton et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 143. Kearney-Trecker Employees Local 1083, U. A. W.-C. I. O.,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board and Kearney and
Trecker Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 144. Edgar Q. Collins, petitioner, v. Louise Collins. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western
District, denied.
No. 146. Ernest W. Mather, petitioner, v. Jonathan Woodner Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 148. Jacob Marcus, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 149. Harold Porter Glover et al., petitioners, v. The Officers
and Minister of the Congregational Church of Hartford, Known as
the Center Church. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 151. Samuel George Nilva et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 154. Christian A. Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission and Electric Power and Light Corp. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
i
i
i
313093-54- -7
1

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
18
No. 155. Mary H. Latta, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 156. Air Devices, Inc., petitioner, v. Air Factors, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 158. Quality Egg Shippers, Inc., and Herman Gross, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 160. Elie P. Aghnides, petitioner, v. Joseph J. Goodrie et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 165. Fort Worth and Denver Railway Company, petitioner, v.
H. O. Prine. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 168. Fortee Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 169. Belle Marachowsky, etc., and J. H. Marachowsky, etc.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 170. Charlie Sulli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 178. Charles S. Roberts, Upon His Own Behalf and on Behalf
of All Other Stockholders of Old Town Corporation, petitioner, v.
Joseph S. Eaton, Old Town Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 181. Eveline McCullagh, petitioner, v. Houston Chronicle Pub-
lishing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 187. Almerindo Portfolio, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 188. Ennis M. Nichols, Individually and On Behalf of Other
Stockholders of Long Island Lighting Company Similarly Situated,
etc., petitioner, v. Long Island Lighting Company and Securities and
Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 192. United States of America, ex rel. Nicolo Impastato, peti-
tioner, v. J. L. O'Rourke, District Director, Immigration and Natu-
I
"

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
19
ralization Service, Kansas City, Missouri. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 193. Mitchell S. Milliken and Dorothy Milliken, petitioners, v.
Edwin Gill, Director of Internal Revenue for the District of North
Carolina and the United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 194. Gregory Run Coal Company et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 259. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. B. H.
Swaney and Sons, Inc., and Swaney Contracting Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 195. Eugene H. Conser, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 196. F. E. Harrison, petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 197. J. C., N. C., and A. C. Hadjipateras, petitioners, v. The
American Tobacco Company, Hellenic Lines, Ltd., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 198. William Silverman, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 200. The Texas Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America, Catherine Bode, as Admx., etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 202. Parma Water Lifter Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 205. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Henri-
etta B. Goff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 206. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Louis
W. Ray and Julia Ray. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
20
No. 207. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. McCue
Bros. and Drummond, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 208. F. O. Wilemon et al., petitioners, v. City and County of
Dallas Levee Improvement District et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Eighth Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 211. Jesus Laguana, petitioner, v. Archie Ansell, Acting Tax
Commissioner and Acting Treasurer, Government of Guam, and
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 212. Sidney S. Levine, as Executor Under the Last Will and
Testament of Anna M. Kane, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 214. Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, peti-
tioner, v. Sword Line, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 216. Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Edward Bonnier. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 217. Ray Brennan, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 218. Standard Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Murphy Corporation and Natural Gas and Oil Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. Rufus W. Fontenot, Collector of Revenue, State
of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 222. Howard R. Benson and Robert H. Benson, Doing Busi-
ness as Benson Scaffold Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v. A. F.
Hutto and Newark Insurance Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 223. Ohio Water Service Company, petitioner, v. The Mahon-
ing Valley Sanitary District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 224. City of Niles, Ohio, petitioner, v. The Mahoning Valley
Sanitary District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
1

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
21
No. 225. Harry Baetich, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby, Secre-
tary, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 226. Delvaille H. Theard, petitioner, v. Louisiana State Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 227. Dobry Flour Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 228. Dave Kaye and Solly Isaacs, petitioners, v. State of Flor-
ida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 229. Almon H. Rickenbaker, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 231. Estate of William Scadron, Deceased, Dorothy Scadron,
Administratrix, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 234. Ralph L. Reynolds, petitioner, v. S. Ernest Roll, District
Attorney. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 235. Thomas Floyd Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
denied.
No. 238. Hudspeth County Conservation and Reclamation District
No. 1, et al., petitioners, v. Howard E. Robbins et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 239. Homedale Tractor & Equipment Co., a Co-Partnership
Consisting of Cyril W. Radcliffe and Wilbur W. Mancke, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 240. Carroll Vocational Institute, L. L. Cowart and H. M.
Atwood, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 241. Morton Q. Klein and Stanley B. Cooper, Surviving Trus-
tees of Consorto Construction Co., Inc., Bankrupt, petitioners, v.
Equity Investment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
22
No. 242. Hillcrea Export and Import Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Universal Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 243. William Arlow Butler, petitioner, v. The Superior Court,
of the State of California, County of San Bernardino. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 244. Rivercliff Company, Inc., petitioner, v. W. E. Linebarger
and R. W. Linebarger, d/b/a Linebarger Construction Co., et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 245. Oliver V. Kessler, petitioner, v. Fauquier National Bank,
as Administrator, C. T. A. of the Estate of Rose Meredith Kessler,
Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 247. United States of America, petitioner, v. Southeastern Oil
Florida, Inc., and Paco Tankers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 248. United States of America, petitioner, v. Norton Clapp.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 253. Mary Ann O'Brien, petitioner, v. Equitable Life Assur-
ance Society of the United States, a Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 254. John Everett Jensen, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 255. The Blackfeet and Gros Ventre Tribes of Indians, Resid-
ing upon the Blackfeet and Fort Belknap Reservations in the State
of Montana, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 256. Harry M. Ajamian, Additional Defendant con Counter-
claim of Isidore Schlanger, et al., etc., petitioner, v. Isidore Schlanger
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 257. Hoxsey Cancer Clinic, a Partnership and Harry M. Hox-
sey, an Individual, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 258. Mrs. Aaron (Celia) Funk, petitioner, v. Seaboard Air
Line Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
1
+
1

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
23
No. 264. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. Allen E.
Kroblin, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 265. Joseph S. Baysek, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 266. Luther C. Hess and Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Karl F. Dewey, Commissioner of Taxation of the
Territory of Alaska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 267. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Eugene
M. Johnson, Administrator of the Estate of Max Johnson, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 268. Jack C. Vaughan, petitioner, v. Brandon, Brandon,
Hornsby & Handy, and the Texas Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 269. Adolph B. Spreckels, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 272. Rose M. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. Douglas McKay,
Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 273. International Aluminum Window Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Tito A. Ferri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 275. Dr. Salsbury's Laboratories, petitioner, v. I. D. Russell
Co. Laboratories, a Partnership Composed of I. D. Russell and Bertha
V. Russell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 276. The Superior Oil Company and the Pure Oil Company,
petitioners, v. Rufus W. Fontenot, Collector of Revenue of the State
of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 46. Frank Bernard Kuczynski, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden, Wisconsin State Prison, Waupun, Wisconsin. Motion to
dispense with printing petition and record granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 72. Raymond M. Braddock, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Motion to dispense with printing record granted.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
24
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 127. Mary Jean Parsons, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 132. Antanas Juratis Rumsa, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 140. Fred J. Redding, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 147. Mrs. Edna Reynolds Reese et al., petitioners, v. Frank B.
Wood et al. Motion to dispense with printing record granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 76. John A. Venzel, petitioner, v. United States Steel Com-
pany. Motion for leave to file brief of International Union, United
Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Implement Workers of Amer-
ica, UAW-CIO, as amicus curiae denied. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 136. Peoples Deposit Bank and Trust Company, Paris, Ken-
tucky, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 166. D. L. Piazza Company, a Partnership Composed of David
L. Piazza, Samuel L. Piazza and Providence Piazza, Co-Partners,
petitioner, v. West Coast Line, Inc., et al. Motion to strike the brief
for the private respondents granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 180. Roy D. Price, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 182. Retail Clerks International Association and Retail Clerks
Union, Local 648, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Motion for leave to file brief of Safeway Stores Inc. as amicus curiae
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
25
No. 183. Santo Caminito, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 201. Frank Kuchin, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should
be granted.
No. 219. William Charles Jason, Jr., petitioner, v. Arthur E. Sum-
merfield et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari
should be granted.
No. 189. Paul E. Kern, a Holder of Kentucky Fuel Gas Corpora-
tion First Mortgage Bonds, petitioner, v. Ben Williamson, Jr., as
Trustee of Inland Gas Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 232. Beatrice Miller Montanye, petitioner, v. The State of New
York and the Town of Webb. Motion to dispense with printing peti-
tion granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 237. Liberale Parrino, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 260. Robert G. Thompson, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 280, October Term, 1953. Phillips Petroleum Company, peti-
tioner, v. State of Wisconsin et al.; and
No. 281, October Term, 1953. State of Texas et al., petitioners, v.
State of Wisconsin et al. Motion for leave to file brief of Independent
Petroleum Assn. et al. as amici curiae denied. Motion in No. 281 for
leave to file a supplemental rehearing denied. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 605, October Term, 1953. George Washington Pierce, peti-
tioner, v. American Communications Company, Inc. Motion for

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
26
leave to file certified copies of court records denied. Motion for leave
to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 623, October Term, 1953. Ferroline Corporation, petitioner, v.
General Aniline and Film Corporation. Second petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 635, October Term, 1953, Camilo Weston Leyra, petitioner, v.
Wilfred L. Denno, Warden of Sing Sing Prison, Ossining, New York.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 407, October Term, 1953. Robert Norbert Galvan, petitioner,
v. U. L. Press, Officer in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization
Service, etc.;
No. 476, October Term, 1953. Braniff Airways, Incorporated, appel-
lant, v. Nebraska State Board of Equalization and Assessment et al.;
No. 666, October Term, 1953. State of Ohio ex rel. George S.
Hawke, appellant, v. Ted W. Brown, as Secretary of State of Ohio,
and as Chief Election Officer of Ohio;
No. 698, October Term, 1953. Carl A. Hillgren, petitioner, v. Kwik-
set Locks, Inc., Adolph Schoepe and Karl Reinhard;
No. 701, October Term, 1953. Dora Lee Bowman, Administratrix
of the Estate of Fred E. Bowman, etc., petitioner, v. Joanne W. Bow-
man;
No. 724, October Term, 1953. James J. Breslin, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of New York;
No. 727, October Term, 1953. Katherine Shellhammer, General Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of Walter R. Shellhammer, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, a Corporation;
No. 736, October Term, 1953. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe
E. Woods, Acting Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter ;
No. 797, October Term, 1953. Pherne N. Miller, petitioner, v.
Charles E. Thorn and Katherine S. Thorn, his wife;
No. 509, Misc., October Term, 1953. Rodney F. Wheeler, petitioner,
v. United States of America;
No. 521, Misc., October Term, 1953. Freddie Nation, petitioner, v.
People of the State of California;
No. 555, Misc., October Term, 1953. R. L. Harding, petitioner, v.
P. V. Cavanaugh et al.;
No. 575, Misc., October Term, 1953. Henry Hughes, petitioner, v.
Robert A. Heinze, Warden;
No. 577, Misc., October Term, 1953. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. Peo-
ple of the State of California;
No. 589, Misc., October Term, 1953. William A. Neigut, petitioner,
v. United States of America;
No. 596, Misc., October Term, 1953. William B. Neal, petitioner, v.
Ross V. Randolph, Warden; and

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
27
No. 606, Misc., October Term, 1953. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner,
v. Edwin B. Swope, Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 384, Misc., October Term, 1953. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 502, Misc., October Term, 1953. Gerhard A. Puff, petitioner,
v. United States of America. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 4, Misc. Jesse James Gilbert, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 5, Misc. U. S. Grant Thompson, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 6, Misc. Charles Ray Berryman, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 7, Misc. George W. Rhone, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 8, Misc. James Douglas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 9, Misc. Henry Howard Moore, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department,
denied.
No. 10, Misc. James A. Sprouse, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 11, Misc. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 12, Misc. Ernest Brown, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 13, Misc. Frank Hashmall, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 14, Misc. Charles Arthur Jenkins, petitioner, v. P. J. Madigan,
Acting Warden, United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute, Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
28
No. 15, Misc. Sam Sherman, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 16, Misc. Henry E. Hansen, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wiscon-
sin denied.
No. 17, Misc. Douglas F. Lewis, petitioner, v. State of Maine. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine
denied.
No. 19, Misc. Cecil F. Paulson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 21, Misc. Ann Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hurtado, In-
dividually and as Executrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 23, Misc. Clifford Funkhouser, petitioner, v. Loew's Incorpo-
rated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 24, Misc. Clarence Shell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 26, Misc. Wilbur O. Archie, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Company,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 29, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 30, Misc. Cicero West, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 32, Misc. Roy R. Stewart, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 33, Misc. Lendal L. Lair, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 35, Misc. James Fair, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 36, Misc. Houston Collins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
29
No. 37, Misc. Ulysses Campbell, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 39, Misc. Frank Buzzie, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 40, Misc. Gerold Wall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 41, Misc. Edward Kalinowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 42, Misc. Louis Hargraves, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 43, Misc. Nathaniel Firmstone, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 44, Misc. Benjamin Hudson, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 45, Misc. Leonardo Salemi, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 46, Misc. Walter Winston, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 48, Misc. Ralph Weber, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 50, Misc. Eugene Senters, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 52, Misc. Clarence William Meehan, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 58, Misc. Howell Robinson, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 59, Misc. Donald C. Rooks, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
30
No. 61, Misc. Ennis Foster, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. Wendell Robert Ross, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 64, Misc. Clyde Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 65, Misc. Charley Spry, petitioner, v. Orel J.
v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 66, Misc. Curtis J. Hurt, petitioner, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia denied.
No. 70, Misc. Stephen Novak, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 71, Misc. Thomas Rowan, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 72, Misc. Wilfred Biloche, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 73, Misc. Lucius Webb, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois and Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 74, Misc. Walter F. Meyer, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 75, Misc. Carlos Rodriguez, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department, denied.
No. 79, Misc. Lula Rimes Hall, a Widow, petitioner, v. B. A. Wil-
liams and Constance Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 81, Misc. William MacLaren, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 82, Misc. Lawrence O'Connell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 84, Misc. Grant F. Casey, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of La Porte County,
Indiana, denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
31
No. 85, Misc. Robert Williams, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 87, Misc. Carlisle T. Clark, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 88, Misc. Eva P. DeFoe, petitioner, v. National Capital Bank.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 89, Misc. Charles T. Streeter, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 90, Misc. Jean A. H. Barkeij, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. Joseph O'Leary, Receiver, Akron, Ohio, petitioner, v.
Harold E. Turner, and the Firestone Bank, Akron, Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 99, Misc. Albert Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Ilinois, denied.
No. 100, Misc. Livious Hall, petitioner, v. W. F. Smyth, Jr., Super-
intendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 101, Misc. Francis John Dunbar, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 102, Misc. Robert Napier, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 103, Misc. Walter Thomas Byrd, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 104, Misc. Edwin Eugene Hanley, petitioner, v. John R.
Cranor, Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 105, Misc. George H. Orr, petitioner, v. State of South Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina denied.
No. 107, Misc. Reuben B. Weitz, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
32
No. 108, Misc. Charles Brewster, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 109, Misc. Geraldine V. DeFoe, petitioner, v. National Capital
Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 114, Misc. Lethonia Stephens, petitioner, v. United States Steel
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 115, Misc. Abraham Elisha Stoner, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 117, Misc. Richard E. Miller and Gertrude Brannum, petition-
ers, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 120, Misc. Robert G. LeMaster, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 125, Misc. Vernon Newton, petitioner, v. William Bannan,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 128, Misc. James Anthony Cox, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 129, Misc. Welba W. Whitacre, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 130, Misc. William Richter, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 135, Misc. Edward R. Lovings, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 2, Misc. Joseph Paul Cato, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied without prejudice to the petitioner's rights under
the facts alleged to prosecute an appeal in the California state courts
in accordance with principles announced in People v. Slobodion, 30
Cal. 2d 362, 181 P. 2d 868. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 53, Misc. Joseph Sheffield, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
33
denied without prejudice to petitioner to apply to the appropriate
United States District Court for a writ of habeas corpus.
No. 111, Misc. Harold Roland Christoffel, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 178, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Theodore Elliott,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Hendricks, Deputy Commissioner, Depart-
ment of Public Welfare. Petition for writ of certiorarı to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 18, Misc. Robert W. Miller, petitioner, v. George W. Humphrey,
Warden;
No. 20, Misc. Jesse Collins, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden;
No. 54, Misc. Jimmie Darnell, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden;
No. 57, Misc. Floyd Page, petitioner, v. Department of Corrections
and Adult Authority of California;
No. 106, Misc. Leonard H. Mims, Jr., petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden;
No. 112, Misc. Gerald Wayne Barnes, petitioner, v. Goodwin B.
Knight, et al.;
No. 113, Misc. Willie Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 119, Misc. Frederick William Morgan, petitioner, v. State of
Michigan;
No. 123, Misc. Ex parte Joseph C. Smith, petitioner; and
No. 126, Misc. Ex parte Emil Sztwiertnia, petitioner. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 76, Misc. Ex parte in the matter of Holland Compton, peti-
tioner;
No. 77, Misc. Cyrus L. Lewis, petitioner, v. Attorney General of the
United States; and
No. 122, Misc. James Glisson, petitioner, v. State of Michigan, et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 78, Misc. Paul Woodward Brink, petitioner, v. United States
of America; and

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1954
34
No. 116, Misc. Merritt B. Schuyler, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of certiorari denied.
No. 91, Misc. James Slage, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari and
habeas corpus
denied.
No. 6. B. Clinton Watson et ux., appellants, v. Employers Liability
Assurance Corporation, Ltd., et al. Argued by Mr. Richard H.
Switzer and Mr. Cleve Burton for the appellants and petitioners and
by Mr. Benjamin C. King for the appellee and respondent Employers
Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd.
No. 11. Lumbermen's Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
Florence R. Elbert. Argued by Mr. Charles L. Mayer for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. John M. Madison and Mr. Whitfield Jack for the
respondent.
No. 7. Wilburn Boat Company et al., petitioners, v. Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Theodore G.
Schirmeyer for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 7, 19,
20, and 21.

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
35
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
on
Helen R. Cassidy, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles
Sylvanus Rhyne; William R. Joyce, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Calvin H. Cobb, Jr.; Mason A. Bailey, of Madera, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Charles E. Sells; Sanford Alexander Peyser, of New
York, N. Y., and T. Stanley Bloch, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Theodore Harold Haas; Clifford H. Searl, of Syracuse, N. Y.,
motion of Mr. Henry S. Fraser; Samuel A. Greenburg, of Alhambra,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Roger E. Johnson; Joseph Schwartz, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Earl G. Spiker; Mr. Henry R. Shields,
of New York, N. Y., Nathan Bilsky, of New York, N. Y., Samuel L.
Slutzky, of Peekskill, N. Y., and Charles Paul Ben, of Syracuse, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Milton I. Weintraub: Nathan Kestnbaum, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Irving R. M. Panzer; and Ames Craw-
ford, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Vernon Harden Doane,
were admitted to practice.
No. 7. Wilburn Boat Company et al., petitioners, v. Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company. Argument continued by Mr. Edward B.
Hayes for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Mark Martin for the
petitioners.
No. 19. National Union of Marine Cooks and Stewards, a Volun-
tary Association, petitioner, v. George Arnold et al. Argued by Mr.
Norman Leonard for the petitioner and by Mr. John Geisness for the
respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, October 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
21, 39, and 22.
☑
313093-54--8
+
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
L. Berwyn Ullstrom, of Falls Church, Va., Jerome L. Silverstein,
of Nashua, N. H., David W. Richter, of Albert Lea, Minn., and Har-
Jan Pomeroy, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Simon E. Sobeloff; Frederick R. Tourkow, of Fort Wayne, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Joseph H. Lesh; Vernon B. Kassebaum, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. James P. Kem; Donald W. Ogilbee, of
Casper, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Bradford Ross; Raymond A. Ballard,
of Detroit, Mich., Justin Lewis Giltner, of Detroit, Mich., Romaine
Chapin Rice, of Detroit, Mich., Matry G. Thomas, of Detroit, Mich.,
William F. Koney, of Detroit, Mich., Raymond Anthony Regner, of
Detroit, Mich., Albert William Schohl, of Grosse Pointe Woods,
Mich., and William J. Weber, of Huntington Woods, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Knox Bigham, of Nashville, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. Nat Tipton; Nathan Korn, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. John L. Ingoldsby, Jr.; Elisha K. Amos, of Lexington,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Richard F. Ralph; Arthur M. Williams, Jr., of
Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr.; Robert P.
Boyle, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. H. P. Noggle;
Edward R. Moran, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.;
Vincent P. Biunno, of Newark, N. J., Fred W. Peel, of Washington,
D. C., and Edmund Mancusi-Ungaro, of Newark, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Charles R. Johnston; Edward Carmack Cochran, of Nashville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Francis H. Caskin 3d; Robert H. Shutan,
of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg; Hy-
man Neil Garson, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Samuel R.
Howell; Martin A. Forman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Arden L. Andresen; Harold D. Reed, of Denver, Colo., and Frank
A. Bruno, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Sumner M. Redstone;
Clarence A. Rogers, of Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion of Mr. Rob-
ert E. Lynch; Robert B. L. Murphy, of Madison, Wis., on motion of
Mr. Frank W. Kuehl; William E. Kinnear, of Beaumont, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Irvin H. Rimel; Elton L. French, of St. Louis, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Marx Leva; David E. Feller, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Philip Elman; and David Loegler, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William H. Thomas, were admitted to practice.
313093-54-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1954
The Chief Justice said:
37
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 130. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. State of
Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 159. United States of America, appellant, v. Ernest King
Bramblett. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
question.
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.;
and
No. 185. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Mac
Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the Western District of
Oklahoma. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases
are consolidated for argument.
No. 179. Cecil L. Courtney, Philip T. Ferris, and Ray Parks, pe-
titioners, v. Ty Lockett. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas granted.
No. 301. Engine Air Service, Inc., Lawrence A. Hauft, Lena P.
Hauft, et al., petitioners, v. Israel G. Halpert, Trustee in Bankruptcy
of the Carburetor Corporation, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 110, Misc. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia granted and case
transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 81. Kwikset Locks, Inc., petititioner, v. Carl A. Hillgren. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 174. Patsy Pillo, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1954
38
No. 277. Fireman's Fund Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 278. Ralph L. Born, petitioner, v. R. J. Laube, Administrator
of the Estate of George Cease, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit Court denied.
No. 279. Walter J. Sawyer, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 280. Ray B. Wells et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 284. Marie Bettinger and Lawrence E. Bettinger, and Clara
Egge and Lillian Hanson, petitioners, v. Northwestern National Cas-
ualty Company and Northwestern National Insurance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 289. Prudence-Bonds Corporation (New Corporation) et al.,
petitioners, v. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, Trustee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 291. William R. Bertelsen, petitioner, v. Brigadier General
James B. Cooney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 292. The First Trust and Savings Bank of Zanesville, Ohio,
petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 293. United States of America, ex rel. Rocco Lo Duca, peti-
tioner, v. Marcus T. Neelly, Director of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion, U. S. Department of Justice, Chicago District. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 294. Paul H. Hulahan, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 295. Franklin B. Bowes et al., petitioners, v. City of Chicago,
a Municipal Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 296. Gross Income Tax Division of the State of Indiana et al.,
petitioners, v. Warner Bros., Pictures Distributing Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1954
39
No. 297. United States of America, petitioner, v. Simon J. Katz
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 298. Western Maryland Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 299. Ruth H. Reed, petitioner, v. Charles A. Reed, Miami Re-
treat Foundation, Miami Retreat, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 300. Harris S. Campbell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Pat-
ents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 303. Metropolitan Petroleum Corp. and Herbert B. Moller,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals
denied.
No. 304. National Textile and Manufacturing Co., Inc., petitioner,
v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 314. Roy Rogers, petitioner, v. Republic Pictures Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Gene Autry, petitioner, v. Republic Productions, Inc., a
Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146, Misc. Robert Lee Braden, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 163, Misc. Maurice Allen, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 172, Misc. Joe Doyle Banning, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 25th, until
Monday, November 8th, next.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1954
40
No. 20. James R. Ellis, as President of the Yonkers Committee for
Peace, an Unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. William Dixon
et al., as Members of the Board of Education of the City of Yonkers,
etc. Argued by Mr. Emanuel Redfield for the petitioner, by Mr.
Daniel T. Scannell for the City of New York as amicus curiae, and
by Mr. J. Raymond Hannon for the respondents.
No. 21. Ray Brooks, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Argued by Mr. Erwin Lerten for the petitioner and by Mr. David P.
Findling for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file reply
brief by Thursday, next.
No. 39. William C. Chandler, petitioner, v. Warden, Fretag.
Argued by Mr. Earl E. Leming for the petitioner and by Mr. Knox
Bigham for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 39,
22, 23, and 24.
✓

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Orme Lewis, of Phoenix, Ariz., and Charles M. H. Crehore, of
Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
William C. Worthington, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Royal E.
Jackson; Miles Gray, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles J.
Zinn; Bert C. Cheatham, of Evansville, Ind., on motion of Mr. Leon
L. Sclawy; Harry J. Chernock, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Edwin Yourman; Charles S. Adams, of Covington, Ky., on motion of
Mr. James Elden McFarland; Ned K. Zartman, of Kansas City, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Myron C. Baum; Charles B. Snow, of Jackson,
Miss., and Junior O'Mara, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. James
W. Cassedy, Jr.; Charles E. Heming, of New York, N. Y., and Maurice
C. Greenbaum, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward S.
Greenbaum; James Wallace Hengelbrok, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Alvin O. West; and John B. Culbertson, of Greenville,
S. C., on motion of Mr. Aubrey E. Robinson, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
No. 22. Samuel Berman and Solomon H. Feldman, Executors of
the Estate of Max R. Morris, Deceased, appellants, v. Andrew Parker,
John A. Remon, James E. Colliflower, et al. Argued by Mr. James C.
Toomey and Mr. Joseph H. Schneider for the appellants and by Mr.
Solicitor General Sobeloff for the appellees. (Reply brief to come by
Thursday.)
No. 23. Robert A. McAllister, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Jacob Rassner for the petitioner and by
Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the respondent.
No. 24. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Louis Sternberger, The Chase National Bank of the City of New
York, Executor. Argument commenced by Miss Melva M. Graney
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos.
24, 18, 37, and 25.
×

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Joseph N. Marcantel, of Shreveport, La., W. Arthur Garrity, Jr.,
of Boston, Mass., Paul G. Counihan, of Concord, Mass., and Lawrence
J. Latto, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Marvin E. Frankel ;
Emory S. Naylor, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. C. Rudolph
Peterson; John L. Schroeder, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Thomas B. Collins; Leon London, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Harry J. Chernock; A. R. deJesús, Jr., of San Juan, P. R., on
motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Bigelow Boysen, of Idaho Falls,
Idaho, on motion of Mr. William Mitchell; and Carroll Peyton White-
lock, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry Grady Langley, were
admitted to practice.
No. 24. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Louis Sternberger, The Chase National Bank of the City of New
York, Executor. Argument continued by Mr. Edward S. Greenbaum
for the respondent and concluded by Miss Melva M. Graney for the
petitioner.
No. 18. David Friedberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Robert N. Gorman for the petitioner and by Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Holland for the respondent.
No. 37. Marion L. Holland and Ethel E. Holland, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Sumner M.
Redstone for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 37,
25, 52, and 49.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
St. John Barrett, of Oakland, Calif., and John J. Schauer, Jr., of
Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Olney III; Robert Kay
Woltz, of Winchester, Va., James Randolph Larrick, of Winchester,
Va., and John Frederick Larrick, of Winchester, Va., on motion of
Mr. B. P. Harrison; Hatfield Chilson, of Loveland, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Colin A. Smith; Emerson Addington Swartz, of Garden City,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. James G. Moore; Nathan C. Finch, of Palo
Alto, Calif., on motion of Mr. H. Donald Kistler; Charles M. Murphy,
Jr., of Belzoni, Miss., and Walter W. Regirer, of Richmond, Va., on
motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; John J. O'Connor, Jr., of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Daniel J. Andersen; Norman Her-
ring, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Joseph William Burns;
Emanuel Ainsworth Smith, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Myron S. Isaacs; Clyde Wendelken, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Blaine Fred Sturgis; and John P. Doyle, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson, were admitted to practice.
No. 37. Marion L. Holland and Ethel E. Holland, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Marvin E.
Frankel for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Peyton Ford for
the petitioners.
No. 25. United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward B. Cal-
deron. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Holland for the
petitioner and by Mr. Joseph W. Burns and Mr. Norman Herring for
the respondent.
No. 52. Daniel Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. W. Arthur Garrity, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos. 52,
49, and 27.
☑
313093-54--12

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William P. Goodman, of Morristown, Tenn., and S. Norman Moe,
of Appleton, Wis., on motion of Mr. Marvin E. Frankel; Dudley C.
Lewis, of Honolulu, T. H., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener; Isaac C. Ginsburg, of Atlantic City, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Benjamin Simon; William A. Bailey, of Tyler, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Alexander Akerman; Peter W. Bauman, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Charles E. Gray, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. John Clarke
Mason; Alan R. Vogeler, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Monte
Appel; George Henry Lavan, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Theodore T.
Sindell, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller; John
Pryor Furman, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Philip Brans-
field Brown; and Paul A. Simmons, of Monongahela, Pa., on motion
of Mr. George H. Windsor, were admitted to practice.
No. 52. Daniel Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument concluded by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the respondent.
No. 49. William J. Opper, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the petitioner and by
Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 27. Dorsey K. Offutt, an Attorney, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Warren E. Magee for the petitioner
aand by Mr. Gray Thoron for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
'
"
313093-54-13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please the Court: This morning, at a meeting called for
that purpose, members of the Bar of the Supreme Court adopted
resolutions expressing their profound sorrow at the death of Chief
Justice Vinson. Addresses were made to the Bar by Judge John J.
Parker of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit, Mr. Edward H. Foley, Jr., and Mr. Cody Fowler. The
resolutions are as follows:
66
"RESOLUTIONS
"We of the Bar of the Supreme Court are met here to record
our regret at the untimely death of Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson.
He died suddenly on September 8th, 1953, at the age of sixty-three,
after seven years of service on the bench of the Supreme Court as the
thirteenth Chief Justice of the United States-the culmination of a
life of service to his country.
"'Fred M. Vinson was born in 1890 on the banks of the Big Sandy
River in the little town of Louisa in Eastern Kentucky. His father
was the town jailer, and the family living quarters were in the same
building that housed the jail. The boy was thus born almost, if not
actually, in the jail-a circumstance to which in later life he sometimes
humorously referred. The Vinson family knew poverty. The boy,
Fred, knew also the stimulus and opportunities of American life. As
a youth, he was a prodigious reader and read all that the Louisa.
Library offered. In the public schools of Louisa and Catletsburg he
excelled in both scholarship and sports.
66
"The family was determined that he should go to college, and he
went first to Kentucky Normal College and then, in 1908, on to the
study of law at Centre College, Danville, Kentucky. There his feats,
academic and athletic, are lengendary. A leader among his fellow
students, he graduated as the top-ranking student in his class in 1909,
won prizes in the Law School in 1910 and 1911, and emerged from
the Law School in 1911 with the unique distinction of possessing the
highest academic record in the history of the Law School. At the same
313093-54---14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
46
time he ranked as one of the outstanding college athletes of his day
as shortstop and captain of the Centre baseball team for two years.
It is more than rumor that he was tempted by a career in professional
baseball. But he turned from this prospect to law and public service,
never, however, losing his deep interest in the great American game.
He was, in fact, a living encyclopedia of baseball learning and when
in later life his responsibilities required decisions affecting this Amer-
ican institution he always approached them with special relish.
"He entered the practice of the law in Louisa in 1911, and soon
became City Attorney, an office then apparently more distinguished in
its title than in its rewards. His varied practice in Louisa was inter-
rupted during the first world war with a brief stint of military service
ending in Officers Candidate School at the time of the Armistice.
"As a lawyer and a Kentuckian he was naturally interested in
politics. He was, moreover, singularly endowed for public service.
His ability, integrity, fairmindedness, and genial spirit won an ever-
widening circle of friends and admirers. In 1921 he was elected
Commonwealth Attorney for his district. In 1923, when thirty-three
years of age, he ran for Congress in the old ninth district of Kentucky
and was elected. Save for the Democratic eclipse of 1928, when he
established a law partnership in Ashland, he was reelected with ever-
increasing majorities until his resignation from Congress in 1938.
"For fourteen years Fred M. Vinson served his country in the
Congress of the United States, and distinguished service it was. In
1931, in recognition of his demonstrated ability, he was assigned to
the critically important Ways and Means Committee of the House of
Representatives where he soon became a key figure. In 1936, despite
his lesser seniority, he was named as Chairman of the Special Sub-
committee on Revenue Legislation of the House Ways and Means
Committee. In all, seven revenue acts were passed while Fred Vinson
was a member of the House Ways and Means Committee. Each
reflected his handiwork. Many of the major features of our modern
revenue system stem from his work. When the Revenue Bill of 1938,
a wholesale revision of the revenue statute and predecessor of the
Internal Revenue Code, was before the House, it was then known that
he was leaving Congress for the bench of the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia. The bill was passed almost without debate
as a tribute to its guiding spirit and the time was given over instead
to heartfelt tributes from both sides of the aisle to this man from Ken-
tucky who had served his country so well.
"But he was more than the Congressional tax expert, though there
are easier subjects. His mastery of intricate revenue legislation, his
fabulous facility with figures, his ability to translate the complex into
the understandable and his talent for conciliation of divergent view-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
47
points combined to make him a key Congressional leader on such
important measures as the Vinson-Guffey Coal Acts, the Social Secu-
rity Act of 1935, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the National Labor
Relations Act, and the reciprocal trade legislation. He was in fact
one of the architects of the basic social and economic reform legisla-
tion of the thirties. He believed in all rights guaranteed by the Con-
stitution. He believed in the importance of all the "folks" and in
the obligation of government to preserve for all the opportunity to
live fruitful, useful, and happy lives. To this end as a legislative
leader, he devoted his talents and in so doing won the deep respect
and the abiding friendship of adherents and opponents alike.
“President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1937 appointed him to a posi-
tion on the bench of the Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia. Resigning from Congress after the passage of the Revenue Act
of 1938, he took the oath of office as an Associate Justice of that Court.
on May 12, 1938. To the bench he brought experience as a lawyer
in private practice, extraordinary legislative experience, the technical
competence of a legal draftsman, and most important of all, real under-
standing and wisdom. From bench and bar alike he won respect and
recognition. His opinions on the variety of subjects coming before
that court were notable for their good sense and clarity of expression.
"With the advent of World War II and the institution by Con-
gress of a system of price and rent controls, Chief Justice Stone of
the Supreme Court was charged with the responsibility of designating
a Federal Judge to serve as Chief Judge of the newly established
Emergency Court of Appeals to review administrative rulings of the
Office of Price Administration. In 1942 Fred M. Vinson was selected
by Chief Justice Stone for this responsibility.
"A year later he was asked by President Roosevelt to become the
Director of Economic Stabilization, to serve in effect as the President's
deputy to stabilize the civilian economy in support of the war effort.
With his characteristic willingness to do the job that needed doing
he left the security of the federal judiciary to become, in the Execu-
tive Department, one of our great wartime civilian leaders-serving
in a swift succession of positions of grave responsibility. No assign-
ment was too demanding, no task was too hard for "Available Vinson"
as he became affectionately known by the press. As Director of Eco-
nomic Stabilization his was the duty, for twenty-one months, to fight
the fires of inflation and thus help to sustain both the fighting front
and homefront. Resisting pressures for special dispensation with
firmness, he "held the line" in the national interest.
"Appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to serve as Federal
Loan Administrator in March of 1945, he held the post for one month.
He was then named by the President as Director of War Mobilization
1
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
48
and Reconversion, an office charged not only with continued mobiliza-
tion of resources for war but also with formulating the basic plans for
converting our economy from war to peace. Enlisting the cooperation
of other federal agencies, he immediately entered upon that task and
in three months basic policies and plans for that purpose were
formulated.
"'In July 1945 President Truman appointed Fred M. Vinson as
Secretary of the Treasury. The nomination received the enthusi-
astic approval of the Senate and for eleven months he served his
country in that post. It was a period of acute responsibility for the
Treasury Department. As Secretary, his tax recommendations even-
tuated in the first postwar legislation carrying out the policies that he
had outlined while Director of War Mobilization and Reconversion.
On the international front he represented this nation in negotiating
the British Loan and the Lend-Lease Settlements, and in inaugurating
the International Bank for Reconstruction and the International
Monetary Fund. With his keen perception, ready wit, and practiced
skill at negotiation, he proved a most effective international represent-
ative for this nation's interest.
""On June 6, 1946, his service as Secretary of Treasury was cut
short, when President Harry Truman appointed him as Chief Jus-
tice of the United States. The Senate unanimously confirmed the
nomination and on June 24, 1946, he took the oath of office. For seven
years until his death on September 8, 1953, Fred M. Vinson served as
the thirteenth Chief Justice of the United States. That is not a long
time as terms of the Chief Justices have run. But the years of his serv-
ice as Chief Jusice presented issues to the Court of transcendant im-
portance to the nation. Questions as to whether the equal protection
of the laws extended to all races in all circumstances were presented
in new and sharper focus. Congressional measures to thwart the con-
spiratorial apparatus of a foreign power were challenged as invasions
of personal liberty. The authority of the Chief Executive to act to
protect the national interest in times of emergency was presented for
judicial determination.
""Such were some of the questions submitted to the Court while Chief
Justice Vinson presided. Many of the Vinson opinions deal, not with
such large issues, but with questions of lesser moment, technical and
limited in scope, of interest to the profession and to few others. This
was no accident. Charged with responsibility for opinion assignment,
he was chary in reserving for himself the notable cases. He left his
mark nonetheless. Shelly v. Kraemer, 334 U. S., on racial restrictive
covenants, Sweatt v. Painter, 339 U. S. 629, and McLaurin v. Okla-
homa State Regents, 339 U. S. 637, on racial discrimination in higher
education, all written for a unanimous Court, are landmarks in the
struggle to bring to all the equal protection of the laws.
t

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
49
"He was devoted to the cause of freedom and convinced at the
same time that "the effective operation of government *** is an
essential precondition to the existence of all civil liberties." In that
conviction he wrote the opinions for the majority in American Com-
munications Association v. Douds, 339 U. S. 382, and Dennis v. United
States, 341 U. S. 494, sustaining the validity of Congressional enact-
ments directed against the machinations of the Communist apparatus.
The accommodation in a free society of personal liberty and security
for the nation will probably never be easy. It will certainly never
be undertaken with a higher sense of dedication to the interest of the
nation and the liberty of its citizenry than Chief Justice Vinson
brought to the task.
""On occasion he dissented. Notable among his dissents was that
in Youngstown Sheet and Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U. S. 579, 667,
stating forcefully his own uncompromising conviction.
"His dissenting opinions were not numerous.
In a real sense,
therefore, the judgments of the Court on the large issues decided
during his period as Chief Justice were his own judgments as well.
They were judgments accepted generally by the citizenry as fitting
and wise. The Court has been strengthened as an institution of
democratic government by the service of this Chief Justice who to
the country so well represented justice administered fairly, with
wisdom and dignity.
66
"Beyond this, to those who knew something of the operation of
the Court, there was appreciation for his fairminded administration
of the day-to-day business, for his devotion to the work of the Judicial
Conference and for his effective leadership in the improvement of the
administration of justice.
""This then is the record of some of the public service in a career
of rare distinction. Congressman, judge, wartime administrator,
Cabinet officer, Chief Justice of the United States, Fred Vinson graced
every role. To each task he gave his best with genial spirit, confident
of the promise of the future. His was the faith that problems made
by man can all be solved, to use his language, with “patience, toler-
ance, and understanding." Those are not common virtues. They
were his in uncommon measure. A man of good will, friendly, ap-
proachable, genuinely interested in "folks," he has left behind him
friends literally without number.
"'His was a good life. From his family life with his devoted and
gracious wife, Roberta Dixon Vinson, and their two sons, his strength
was renewed for the long and continuous service demanded of him
by his country. His family also shared in his sacrifice, for a life
of public service leaves only a legacy of honor.
""On the death of this statesman and jurist, President Dwight D.
Eisenhower proclaimed a period of national mourning and in tribute
313093-54-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
50
said of Fred M. Vinson: "a man of exemplary character, he possessed
great human understanding, appreciation of our national heritage,
and a keen mind. He has filled positions of great responsibility in
all three branches of government-legislative, administrative, and
judicial. In all of them he served with efficiency, dignity, and in-
tegrity. He was an outstanding citizen whose death was a loss to
America."
'It is accordingly
"Resolved, That we, the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United
States, express our profound sorrow at the untimely death of Chief
Justice Fred M. Vinson and our enduring appreciation for the con-
tribution this great statesman and jurist has made to our profession
and to our country:
"It is further Resolved
""That the Attorney General be asked to present these resolutions
to the Court and to request that they be inscribed upon its permanent
records and that copies of these resolutions be forwarded to the
widow and sons of Chief Justice Vinson"."
Mr. Attorney General Brownell addressed the Court as follows:
"Eminent members of the legal profession have today paid just
tribute to the memory of the late Chief Justice Vinson. The strength
of his character, his friendliness and humility, and his devotion to the
public service as legislator, as Circuit Judge, as administrator and
Cabinet officer, and finally as Chief Justice of the United States are
indelibly impressed on our hearts and minds.
"The Nation first knew him for his fourteen years of service in
Congress. His warm personality, his folksy way of weaving home-
spun philosophy, his capacity for making friends and above all his
integrity, combined to win over his adversaries in Congress to many
social and economic reforms which he supported.
"In 1937, he was offered a judgeship on the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Reluctantly he decided to abandon his legis-
lative career to assume judicial duties. In his later years he often
reminisced, with obvious relish, about his Congressional career.
"In his new judicial post, he served with distinction. His colleagues
on the Court of Appeals, Judges Groner, Stephens, Rutledge, and
others, were his good friends and held him in highest regard and
affection.
"He was a stickler for the facts and studied each record with great
care. Lacking pretense and despising sham, he would not hesitate to
pierce the armor of any attorney who dared advance an untenable
argument or one not based on the record. Yet, he was also so consider-
ate, gentle, and courteous, that the inexperienced and uninitiated
lawyer was promptly set at ease in his presence. Off the bench, in

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
51
meeting a young attorney, the "Chief" did not permit the occasion to
pass without offering a kind word of encouragement.
"If one quality stood out in him above others, it was his complete
devotion to duty. When the country called upon him to render service
to it he responded without the slightest hesitation or thought of
personal sacrifice. The circumstances surrounding his resignation.
from the Court of Appeals testify to the high sense of duty which
actuated him.
"One day while he was a member of the Court of Appeals and talk-
ing to a brother judge in his office, the phone rang. It was the Presi-
dent. Would he resign to accept the wartime job of Economic Sta-
bilizer? The immediate answer was, "Yes, sir, if you think I can be
of help." There was no indecision, no thought about personal consid-
erations; there were no expressed regrets about assuming one of the
most controversial positions in Government.
"As Director of Economic Stabilization from 1943 to 1945, he was
called upon to administer a most difficult assignment. It was his job
to direct and implement a policy of holding the line against increases
in ceilings on prices and wages. That he was successful in achieving
this aim during a highly inflationary war period is a tribute to his tact
and courage in the face of great pressures from every source.
"In 1945 he was appointed Federal Loan Administrator. Shortly
thereafter he was appointed Director of War Mobilization and Recon-
version, and in the same year was made Secretary of the Treasury.
This was his last executive post. In 1946 President Truman appointed
him as the thirteenth Chief Justice of the United States. It was this
great office which crowned his life work as a public servant. He held
it until his untimely death in 1953.
"The 'Chief' cannot, among his friends and associates here today,
be remembered merely in terms of the opinions rendered by him while
on the Supreme Court. He was full of worldly wisdom, dignity, and
humility.
"The 'Chief' brought to his high office a very rare quality-a keen
and sympathetic understanding of people and their proper place in
an orderly society. He came with a great breadth of legislative and
executive experience. In the give and take of political life, he had
learned to appraise men for what they were. He brought to the Court
and to the conference table the practical viewpoint of the country
lawyer. This seventh sense served him well in judging the conflicts
that frequently arise in the course of human affairs and in the clash
between the rights of the individual and those of government. His
moderating influence was a decisive factor in mellowing deliberations
and maintaining the prestige of the Court.
"His opinions were marked by clarity and comprehension. He
hated abstractions. As Judge Learned Hand once said of Mr. Justice
"

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
52
Cardozo, so, too, Fred Vinson 'never disguised the difficulties, as lazy
judges do who win the game by sweeping all the chessmen off the
table *** You might disagree with him but there was no mistak-
ing where he stood.
"The 'Chief' was a person of deep conviction and sturdy independ-
ence. Yet he realized only too well that there is no conclusive solution
for many of the problems presented in the law. This knowledge and
tolerance gave him the capacity of differing with his associates with-
cut rancor or ill-will.
"As he revered the high traditions of the law and our system of
justice, so he abhorred the slightest transgression in the courts of the
legal rights of even the worst offenders. Though concerned about
maintaining a secure and orderly government, the 'Chief' was zealous
in the protection of the individual citizen from arbitrary or capri-
cious action by Government officials. He condemned bail set at
amounts the accused could not raise, even though the defendants were
Communists whom he loathed. To him the equal protection of the
laws was not merely an empty slogan. His decisions in the racial re-
strictive covenant cases and in the cases involving racial discrimina-
tion in higher education were a major contribution to the thinking
and conclusion of the Court in its recent decision declaring segrega-
tion in the public schools to be unconstitutional.
"He spoke for the Court in upholding the validity of the Smith
Act by which Communist leaders could be imprisoned for conspiring
to overthrow the government by force and violence. He joined in
sustaining contempt convictions of Communist lawyers who by con-
duct unbecoming their high profession tried to bring our courts into
disrepute. And he struck out against irresponsible union action in
the mine fields which would have paralyzed our country in a period
of a war emergency. He was not only a distinguished legislator, an
able executive, and a noted jurist but he was in every way an exem-
plary citizen, completely devoted to his gracious wife and two fine
sons.
"It was the country's good fortune that brought a man of such
character, attainment, and integrity into public office. It was the
country's great loss when he was taken from it.
"May it please this Honorable Court: In the name of the lawyers
of this nation, and particularly of the Bar of this Court, I respectfully
request that the resolution presented to you in memory of the late
Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson be accepted by you, and that it together
with the chronicle of these proceedings, be ordered kept for all time
in the records of this Court."

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General:
53
"The Court receives with great sensibility the resolutions of the Bar
paying respect to the memory of the late Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson.
In this tribute, we affectionately join. It is an eloquent expression of
the sentiments common to all Americans, for the simple virtues and
public services of this great Chief Justice are deeply inscribed in the
hearts of all of us.
"Eminent lawyer, legislator, administrator, statesman, jurist and,
above all, great humanitarian, his life is an expression of the truth
of the Biblical admonition, ‘Neither do men light a candle and put it
under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that
are in the house.' (Matthew 5:15.) His light glowed so brightly in
all the positions that he held with such distinction that even before
coming to the Chief Justiceship, he had devoted practically all of his
mature years to rendering valuable service for his country.
"Few men have been so well qualified by experience, intellect, and
personality to meet the exacting responsibilities of this position.
While it was not my privilege to serve with him here, as did my
brothers, I knew him well enough to realize that, although he rose
from humble beginnings to the highest offices in all three Branches of
our Government, he never lost his understanding of people—that com-
mon touch and good judgment so essential in one who attains such
heights.
"Chief Justice Vinson served here but seven years, a short span in
the history of this Court. But as the 13th Chief Justice of the United
States, he forged a strong link in the chain of constitutional inter-
pretation. His varied background had given him tools which enabled
him to perform his work with precision and dispatch. He came to the
Court from the high office of Secretary of the Treasury, where he had
served with distinction in the field of domestic and international
finance. Prior to that, he filled the positions of Director of Economic
Stabilization, Federal Loan Administrator, and Director of Mobiliza-
tion and Reconversion. For the five years preceding his entry into
the Executive Branch of the Government, he had been a judge on the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, where
in this short period he had written over one hundred opinions, exclud-
ing those handed down as Chief Judge of the Emergency Court of
Appeals. In those courts, as here, he carried more than his full share
of the work. Before being appointed to the Court of Appeals, he rep-
resented his native state in the Congress of the United States for more
than ten years.
"Hence, he came to the Chief Justiceship with the prestige and
experience of honorable service in the Legislative, Executive, and Judi-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
54
cial Branches of the Government-a unique distinction. This long
dedication to the public service gave Chief Justice Vinson a compre-
hension of the difficult problems of the day that led not only to the
writing of memorable decisions affecting almost every phase of Amer-
ican life but also brought to the judicial system an administrator of
unfailing judgment.
"To understand fully the import of his decisions one must remember
that his tenure as Chief Justice covered crucial years in our history.
Coming to this office soon after our country had emerged victorious
from World War II, he witnessed the enormous tensions of the cold
war. The problems arising out of this conflict affected the very life
of the Government and at the same time threatened individual free-
doms. It was the task of this Court to reconcile the two, enabling the
Government to insure the survival of our way of life without infring-
ing upon individual liberties.
"His thought always was for country and he thus expressed it: ‘In
our complex society, there is a great variety of limited loyalties, but
the overriding loyalty of all is to our country.' The causes he partici-
pated in were and still are controversial decisions. But all admire the
legal craftsmanship exhibited in his handling of the delicate problems
involved, the sincerity of the conclusions reached, and the strong moral
overtones clearly expressing the philosophy of the Chief Justice that
one's first and unswerving duty is to his country.
"Chief Justice Vinson believed in the supreme worth of the indi-
vidual, and he demanded equality before the law for all persons
regardless of race. With characteristic fervor he wrote: 'Whatever
else the framers [of the Constitution] sought to achieve, it is clear
that the matter of primary concern was the establishment of equality
in the enjoyment of basic civil and political rights and the preserva-
tion of those rights from discriminatory action on the part of the
States based on considerations of race or color."
"Because of his great interest in tax problems, which originated
during his service on the Committee on Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives, the Chief Justice played a major role in the tax
litigation before this Court. His expert knowledge enabled him to
solve the intricate problems in this field with such clarity that his
opinions gained universal acceptance.
"In appraising Chief Justice Vinson's judicial work, we must not
limit our consideration to cases before the Court. His juristic achieve-
ment extended as well to judicial administration in which he excelled.
Under his guidance, the Judicial Conference of the United States
became an increasingly potent force in the effective operation of the
federal judicial system. His responsibility in this field weighed
heavily upon him. He devoted much time and energy to its perform-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
55
ance. As a result, the Conference has become an important instrumen-
tality in the judicial service, according with the intentions of those.
who had so much to do with its creation and inception-Chief Justices
Taft, Hughes, and Stone.
"Moreover, Chief Justice Vinson firmly believed that 'justice de-
layed' often means 'justice denied.' In the performance of his admin-
istrative duties on the Court, he made sure that this Court kept abreast
of its cases and that the long delays in the lower federal courts were
eliminated as soon as possible.
"But such tangible and recorded achievements of the late Chief
Justice were but one side of his busy life. His was a winning person-
ality, a warm Southern heart which, combined with marked ability,
made of him a gracious and trusted leader. But he was also a great
mediator, and he could interplay these normally inconsistent roles
with limitless tact and great personal warmth. Certainly he was 'one
who could disagree without being disagreeable.' His persuasive pow-
ers were strengthened by a phenomenal memory not only of events
but of figures. With the wink of an eye he could tell you the batting
average of almost any player in the big leagues or the number of
completed passes in any prominent football game. Likewise he re-
membered what had transpired at a conference long before or the
content of an unreported argument in the Court Room.
"Chief Justice Vinson was a kindly and humble man who loved.
his fellow man. There was no austerity in his being. Yet he pos-
sessed a quiet natural dignity that inspired respect and admiration,
whether he was here on the Bench or in the stands witnessing an
athletic contest.
"His selfless nature and devotion to country are illustrated by his
resignation from the Court of Appeals, at the request of the President,
to accept the position of Director of Economic Stabilization, where
he was in charge of the economic phases of the war effort. In tribute
to this patriotic action, a group of some fifteen local lawyers organized
the Vinson Club. Later its limited membership was enlarged to fifty.
The sole function of the group was to meet at dinner each time he
received a new honor as he advanced in the service of his Government.
After having met four times in celebration of such an occasion in the
short space of two years, the group had its crowning fulfillment when
in 1946 Secretary Vinson became the Chief Justice. Thereafter, dur-
ing his lifetime the Vinson Club met once each year at dinner to honor
him. Now they meet to keep bright his memory.
"Although Chief Justice Vinson's judicial career was cut short early
in life, his was a long service to his country and its people. Though he
is no longer with us, so long as this building is dedicated to the
administration of justice, there shall be preserved here the best record

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
56
of his service. Those who seek for his monument need only look here
where are recorded the accomplishments of his high judicial station.
We are grateful for the life of this brother who met every responsibility
with integrity and complete fidelity. May he rest in peace.
"Let the Resolutions be spread upon the minutes of this Court."
Rex A. Collings, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., Girard Reuel Jet-
ton, Jr., of Washington, D. C., George Francis Riseling, of Washing-
ton, D. C., George Clifton Wade, of Fayetteville, Ark., John H. Joyce,
of Fayetteville, Ark., and T. S. L. Perlman, of Trenton, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Harry Ross Work-
man, of Homewood, Ill.. Margaret I. Cunningham, of Chicago, Ill.,
Donald Farrell Conaway, of Chicago, Ill., Fleetwood Mumford
McCoy, of Chicago, Ill., John Ivan Cole, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Leonard
M. Groupe, of Chicago, Ill., Thomas Dietrich Burlage, of Chicago,
Ill., William Edward Kaske, of Mount Prospect, Ill., Richard Zim-
bert, of Chicago, Ill., Seymour Berman, of Chicago, Ill., Robert
Chapman Buckley, of Chicago, Ill., Paysoff Tinkoff, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., John T. Duffy, of Chicago, Ill., Marvin L. Goldberger, of Chi-
cago, Ill., Ray J. Schoonhoven, of Elgin, Ill., Thomas Goodman Vent,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Warner E. Frank, of Wheaton, Ill., Milton R.
Gassel, of Chicago, Ill., and Norman S. Esserman, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; J. William Townsend, of
Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; Arthur Arnold
Zimmet, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Claude Pepper;
Thomas D. Webb, Jr., of Washington, D. C., and John W. McCartin,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Charles Grant Stetter: James
F. Dwyer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Magee;
James Einar Steffarud, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr.
Linton M. Collins; George McCall Courts Oulahan, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Whitney Robson Harris; Milton Edward
Ehrenreich, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Saidman;
John W. Prunty, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Wilbur N. Baugh-
man; Edmund Michael Reggie, of Crowley, La., Paul C. Tate, of
Mamou, La., and Charles A. Riddle, Jr., of Marksville, La., on motion
of Mr. Orman W. Ketcham; Albert Tate, Jr., of Ville Platte, La., and
James Nelson Lee, of Bunkie, La., on motion of Mr. South Trimble,
Jr.; Thomas G. Meeker, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam H. Timbers; Benjamin Clyde Bennett, Jr., of Marksville, La.,
Joseph Nilas Young, of Eunice, La., and Gillis W. Long, of Winnfield,
La., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; John W. Adams, Jr., of
Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. William M. Moloney; Sidney Burns
Majure, of Richton, Miss., on motion of Mr. R. S. Majure; Robert

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
57
Hunter Pierson, of Alexandria, La., and Camille F. Gravel, Jr., of
Alexandria, La., on motion of Mr. Al. Philip Kane; Martin M. Baxter,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline; Bernard Liles,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko; Jim A.
Rinehart, of El Reno, Okla., and Charles G. Ozmun, of Lawton, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Frank Mahan; and Albert T. Ussery, of Albu-
querque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Richard F. Ralph, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 312. Grayson-Robinson Stores, Inc., appellant, v. The Lionel
Corporation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question.
No. 316. Western Air Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 326. S. Klein on the Square, Inc., appellant, v. The Lionel
Corporation. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 414. G. Seals Aiken, appellant, v. William Richardson. The
motion for a stay, referred to the Court by Mr. Justice Black, is
denied.
No. 246. Paul W. Diehl, Jr., petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Co., et al. Motion to proceed as a veteran granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 302. Anthony J. Parissi, petitioner, v. Telechron, Inc., and
General Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 252. Bertha Gore et al., Infants by their Guardian ad litem,
Bertha Gore, petitioners, v. United States Steel Corporation. Peti-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
58
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 270. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. John Margevich. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 281. Specialties Development Corporation, petitioner, v. Ran-
dolph Laboratories, Inc.; and
No. 348. Randolph Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Specialties
Development Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 286. Fannie Hirshon Trust, U/A Charles Hirshon, et al., Trus-
tees, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 287. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Isabel Dysart Bush
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 288. Great American Indemnity Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. B. N. Saltzman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 290. J. Trosper Willie, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305. Estate of Ida S. Godley, Deceased, Paul F. Godley, et al.,
Co-executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 307. Draper and Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Com-
modity Credit Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 310. State of Washington, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Greenville Avenue State Bank, petitioner, v. United States
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 323. The Assiniboine Indian Tribe, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 324. Sam Goody, petitioner, v. Raxor Corporation et al. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York,
County of New York, denied.
1
18

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
59
No. 325. Insurance Company of North America, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 327. S. Klein on the Square, Inc., petitioner, v. The Lionel Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 328. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Individually and as the Attorney
General of the United States, et al., petitioners, v. Leo A. Roth. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 330. Roy O. Shaffer, Trustee, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 331. Ervin Hohensee, petitioner, v. Hilda Manchester. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 332. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General, as Successor to
the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Bank of America Na-
tional Trust and Savings Association. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 285. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied without prejudice to an application for a writ
of habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 306. T. G. Briggs and Darrell Clark, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 311. Arthur H. Marienfeld, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 318. Julian Lane et al., as and Constituting the Florida State
Racing Commission, petitioners, v. Volusia County Kennel Club, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
denied for the reason that the judgment below is based on state
grounds adequate to support it.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1954
60
No. 136, Misc. Charles Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 141, Misc. George McGriff, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 147, Misc. Leonard Marion Bayless, petitioner, v. State of
Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 190, Misc. William Francis Rupp, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 131, Misc. Maurice Allen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 140, Misc. Lewis M. Harn, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden;
No. 152, Misc. Steve A. Goulding, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden; and
No. 156, Misc. Theodore R. Roebuck, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden, etc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 119,
64, 28, and 30.

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
ORDER
No. Walter Irvin, petitioner, v. L. F. Chapman, Superintend-
ent.
--
Upon Consideration of the application of counsel,
It is ordered that execution of the sentence of death imposed upon
the petitioner, WALTER IRVIN, be, and the same is hereby, stayed
pending the filing and disposition of a petition for writ of certiorari
to review the judgment of the Supreme Court of Florida entered
November 5, 1954, provided the petition for writ of certiorari is filed
on or before November 20, 1954. In the event certiorari is granted,
this stay is to continue until final disposition of the case.
313093-54-
-
-16
V

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Judson Warren Bowles, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Jerome Ackerman, of Wash-
ington, D. C., William Walker Winter, of Washington, D. C., William
Horace Deck, of Washington, D. C., Weaver White Dunnan, of
Washington, D. C., Paul C. Warnke, of Washington, D. C., J. Ran-
dolph Wilson, of Washington, D. C., and Hamilton Carothers,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Dean G. Acheson; J. Fred-
eric Taylor, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James B. Burke;
Harold G. Talley, of Alton, Ill., and Fred P. Schuman, of Granite
City, Ill., on motion of Mr. Munson H. Lane; Charles C. Parlin,
Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Wm. Harvey Reeves;
Thomas Lima, of Chicago, Ill., William E. Lasko, of Chicago, Ill., and
John Walter Sereda, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frederick R.
Gibbs; John Christensen, of Manhasset, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Charles Woodbury Arth; Harold S. Cook, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. James P. Kem; Max Goldsmith, of East Chicago, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Ray S. Donaldson; Philip A. Kazen, of Laredo, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; James A. Finch, Jr., of Cape
Girardeau, Mo., on motion of Mr. Claude W. Dudley; Bertram C.
Dedman, of Columbia, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Victor H. Kramer;
John Drew, of Harrison, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edmund C. Grainger,
Jr.; Irving Singer, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph B.
Danzansky; Joseph F. Bellamente, of New Hyde Park, N. Y., Anthony
Farina, of New Hyde Park, N. Y., Edward J. Gunnigle, of Floral
Park, N. Y., and George Whitman Waters, Jr., of New Hyde Park,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. James Joseph Bierbower; James M. Pasch, of
Milwaukee, Wis., Harwood Harry Staats, of Cudahy, Wis., Peter J.
Mark, of Milwaukee, Wis., Stanley Z. Drejer, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
Laurence Carter Gram, of West Allis, Wis., Basil S. Norris, of
Hopkins, S. C., Norman E. Hartung, of Milwaukee, Wis., Henry
Sloane Blacker, of Minneapolis, Minn., Charles Costello Luetke, of
Minneapolis, Minn., Bruce Charles Stone, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
Eugene L. Heck, of Minneapolis, Minn., Ward Fleming, of St. Paul,
Minn., William I. Fine, of Minneapolis, Minn., Bruce C. Mueller, of
Milwaukee, Wis., David Warren Lers, of Milwaukee, Wis., Stan L.
313093-54--17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
63
Lenchek, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Har-
mon, and Armin H. Friedman, of McKeesport, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Samuel A. Weiss, were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Robert A. McAllister, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with costs
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Reed
would affirm on the grounds stated by the Court of Appeals. Sep-
arate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 27. Dorsey K. Offutt, an Attorney, petitioner, v. United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join in the opinion of the
Court and concur in the reversal and remand of the case for hearing
before another judge. They would go further, however, and direct
that petitioner be accorded a jury trial, for reasons set out in their
dissents in Sacher v. United States, 343 U. S. 1, 14–23, and Isserman
c. Ethics Committee, 345 U. S. 927. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 39. William C. Chandler, petitioner, v. Warden, Fretag. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Tennessee for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 118. Carlos Alvarez Garcia, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon, Dis-
trict Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated
and the case is remanded to the District Court with directions to
dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus upon the ground that
the cause is moot.
No. 274. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Cabot Carbon
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
64
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals is vacated and the case is remanded to that court for its recon-
sideration in the light of the latest order of the Corporation Com-
mission of Oklahoma pertaining to the order in question.
No. 379. Earl Webb, as President of Sigma Tau Gamma, an Unin-
corporated Association, etc., et al., appellants, v. State University of
New York et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Northern District of New York. Per Curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial federal question.
No. 193, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., appellant, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit; and
No. 209, Misc. J. Milton Smith, appellant, v. Westchester County
Bar Association. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York.
Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
28 U. S. C., § 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeals
were taken as petitions for writs of certiorari as required by 28 U. S. C.,
§ 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 320. Michigan-Wisconsin Pipe Line Company, Appellant, v.
Corporation Commission of Oklahoma; and
No. 321. Natural Gas Pipeline Company, Appellant, v. Corpora-
tion Commission of Oklahoma. Motion of Phillips Petroleum
Company for leave to file motion to dismiss granted.
No. 191. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
Panoma Corporation and the Corporation Commission of the State
of Oklahoma; and
No. 321. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
The Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al. Ap-
peals from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 333. Anthony Pino, petitioner, v. Henry Nicolls, District Direc-
tor of Immigration and Naturalization. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 337. Alexander Norwood, Joseph F. Tunstall, and John E.
Smallwood, petitioners, v. Honorable William H. Kirkpatrick, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 375. Virgil G. Carroll, Harry B. Hogan, Doing Business as
Harry B. Hogan Painting Company, et al., petitioners, v. M. Lanza,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
65
Doing Business as Lake Charles Electric Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tadao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. The cases
are consolidated for argument and each side is allowed one hour.
The Solicitor General is invited to participate in oral argument on
behalf of the Secretary of Labor as amicus curiae.
No. 367. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. The State of
Oregon et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Petition of Port-
land General Electric Co. for leave to intervene denied.
No. 262. Fischer and Porter Company, petitioner, v. Brooks
Rotameter Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 313. Arvey Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, Suing in its
own Behalf and in Behalf of its Division, Velsicol Corporation,
petitioner, v. C. P. Fugate, Director of Revenue of the State of Colo-
rado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colo-
rado denied.
No. 329. Thomas Rigging Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 334. J. Stanley Bower, petitioner, v. Eastern Airlines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 335. Rose J. Linde, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 336. Lambros G. Metrakos, petitioner, v. The Cleveland Union
Terminals Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Branyan & Peterson, Inc., a Tennessee Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Horace E. Thompson, Commissioner of Revenues for
the State of Arkansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 339. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
"S

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
66
No. 340. Laura B. Hopkins, Administratrix of the Estate of
Howard T. Hopkins, Deceased, petitioner, v. E. I. duPont de Nemours
and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 341. Walter Lee Hall, petitioner, v. John S. Battle, Governor
of the Commonwealth of Virginia, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia, and/or Circuit
Court of the City of Richmond denied.
No. 342. Grady Alexander, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 343. The American Federation of Musicians, a Voluntary
Organization, et al., petitioners, v. Abe Stein, a Resident of Davidson
County, Tennessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 344. James A. Vaughan, petitioner, v. Petroleum Conversion
Corporation, Bankrupt, and William Duffy, Jr., Trustee in Bank-
ruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 345. Ling Share Yee, as Father and Next Friend of Ling Yut
Chew, a Minor and Ling Yut Chew, petitioners, v. Dean Acheson, as
Secretary of State of the United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 346. Vulcan Furniture Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 347. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, petitioner,
v. J. M. Foster and J. H. Johnson, as Individuals and as Partners
Trading as J. M. Foster & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 349. Mary Cooley Roy, petitioner, v. Leonard C. Roy, Sr.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 350. Louis B. Saperstein, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court,
Appellate Division, and the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 352. Hearst Consolidated Publications, Inc., petitioner, v.
Robert R. Stevenson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 354. C. C. Lambert et al., Partners d/b/a Low Gap Coal Com-
pany, petitioners, v. United Mine Workers of America and United
Mine Workers of America, District 28. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
313093-54-18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
67
No. 355. Robert Wendell Hainsworth, petitioner, v. Harris County
Commissioners' Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied.
No. 359. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Clarence E.
Tanner, petitioner, v. John W. Claudy, Warden, Western State Peni-
tentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 360. Louisiana & Arkansas Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mack Henry Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 364. Stephen K. Kloiber and William Kloiber, petitioners, v.
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 365. John Povey, petitioner, v. The Midvale Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 366. Knickerbocker Printing Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 369. Leo J. Meyberg Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Eureka Williams Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 371. Christel Guessefeldt, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 383. Frank Buro, James Cardino, Michael Cardino, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 353. Cowles Publishing Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 361. St. Louis Amusement Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission and Co-
lumbia Broadcasting System, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 51, Misc. Joseph Paul Fanning, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
68
No. 80, Misc. Brook Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 143, Misc. Robert Kubus, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Minnesota denied.
No. 145, Misc. Luther C. Sykes, Jr., petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Peppersack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 149, Misc. Hardy J. Owens, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison
Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 151, Misc. James Blackmorn, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 155, Misc. Abe M. Draisner, petitioner, v. Liss Realty Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 157, Misc. Harry Lee Williams, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 167, Misc. Richard Kamrowski, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 169, Misc. William Allen Lindsey, a Minor by Next Friend
etc., petitioner, v. St. Paul Mercury Indemnity Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 173, Misc. Jack Friday, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 175, Misc. Arnold Plue, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 179, Misc. Harry Gordon Geach, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 183, Misc. Joshua J. Tillman, Henry Edwards, and Leo Myles,
petitioners, v. John R. Cranor, Superintendent of Washington State

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
69
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 184, Misc. Harold T. Jones, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department, denied.
No. 189, Misc. Richard Garner, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County of Illinois denied.
No. 191, Misc. James Lee Brown, petitioner, v. People of the State
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 192, Misc. Calman Cooper, Nathan Wissner and Harry A.
Stein, petitioners, v. People of the State of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 196, Misc. Salvatore Emmino, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department, denied.
No. 198, Misc. Roger V. Coe, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 200, Misc. Lowry L. Trent, petitioner, v. Joseph R. Blalock,
Superintendent, Southwestern State Hospital, Marion, Va. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 201, Misc. Arthur Leroy Horton, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 202, Misc. Stephen Broccoli, petitioner, v. William C. Kindelan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island denied.
No. 205, Misc. Milton Garrison, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 206, Misc. Commodore Perry Sam, petitioner, v. John R.
Cranor, Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 207, Misc. Albert Joseph Kostal, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 208, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
70
70
No. 210, Misc. Catherine L. Watson, petitioner, v. School District
of McKeesport, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 214, Misc. Charles Campiglia, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 215, Misc. Gilbert J. Stinchcomb, petitioner, v. People of Cali-
fornia, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 218, Misc. Roy E. MacArthur, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 166, Misc. David Aitchison, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Motion of Kenneth C. Hitchcock and others for leave to file a brief
amici curiae denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 138, Misc. Ex parte Robert Lee Breeding, petitioner;
No. 171, Misc. Cortland T. Summey, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden;
No. 185, Misc. John W. McGuinn, petitioner, v. Henry M. Lindsay,
Superintendent, D. C. Reformatory, et al.;
No. 186, Misc. Erby Lee Nicholson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California;
No. 195, Misc. Ex parte Paul King, petitioner; and
No. 197, Misc. Ex parte Frank Williams, Jr., petitioner. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 139, Misc. Richard Saunders, petitioner, v. Hon. Theodore
Levin, Judge, etc., et al., and
No. 194, Misc. Joe Tubb, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 142, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 164, Misc. Bernard Ephraim, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Prison. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of certiorari denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1954
71
No. 119. O'Neal Massey, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden. Leave
granted James N. Castleberry, Jr., to appear and present oral ar-
gument for the respondent pro hac vice on motion of Mr. Dean
Acheson. Argued by Mr. Dean Acheson for the petitioner and by
Mr. James N. Castleberry, Jr., for the respondent pro hac vice by
special leave of Court.
No. 64. Odom Farrell Sullivan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Llewellyn A. Luce for the petitioner and by
Mr. Charles F. Barber for the respondent.
No. 28. Evelyn Rice, petitioner, v. Sioux City Memorial Park
Cemetery, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Lowell C. Kindig for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
Jesse E. Marshall for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 28,
30, 31, and 36.
☑
༥
4.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
0)
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Robert M. L. Baker, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Loyd
Earl Wright; A. W. Sandack, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion
of Mr. Stanley Gewirtz; John H. Rust, of Fairfax, Va., and John C.
Wood, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. William C. Bauknight,
Jr.; Gerald Schoenfeld, of New York, N. Y., and Adolph Lund, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Milton R. Weir; John Alex-
ander, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Myron G. Ehrlich;
Edward Randolph Haigler, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Ruffin A. Brantley; William Collins Braden, Jr., of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert E. May; Jack Martin Young, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harry C. Riley; Lynn Barratt
Morris, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Harold Alden Jewett;
Arthur Lazarus Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Marvin
J. Sonosky; Alex Moncure Bloxton, of Falls Church, Va., on motion
of Mr. John G. Epaminonda; and Rudy G. Rice, of Austin, Tex., on
motion of Mr. E. Jake Jacobsen, were admitted to practice.
No. 28. Evelyn Rice, petitioner, v. Sioux City Memorial Park
Cemetery, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al. Argument concluded
by Mr. Lowell C. Kindig for the petitioner.
No. 30. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
Republic of China et al. Argued by Mr. Wm. Harvey Reeves for
the petitioner and by Mr. Louis J. Gusmano for the respondents.
No. 31. Baltimore Contractors, Inc., petitioner, v. Jacob H.
Bodinger. Argued by Mr. Morris Rosenberg for the petitioners and
by Mr. Charles Wilson for the respondent.
No. 36. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lee Shubert,
Jacob J. Shubert, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Philip Elman
for the appellant and continued by Mr. Alfred McCormack for the
appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
36, 53, and 29.
☑
313093-54 19
ໄ

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1954
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Benjamin C. Milner, of New York, N. Y., Frederick Billings Lee,
of McLean, Va., and Armand Francis Macmanus, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Whitney North Seymour; Harold B. Pressley, Jr.,
of Dallas, Tex., and Eugene M. Locke, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. William A. Sutherland; Everett E. Hitchcock, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Michael G. Luddy; John Helms Halley, Jr.,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski, Jr.;
John Robert Spielman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Simon
M. Newman; Joseph E. Finley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Eugene Gressman; James L. Crawford, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Edward J. Hickey; M. O. Shivers, Jr., of Englewood,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Oscar W. Giese; Mrs. Helen D. Steinhardt, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles Sidney Steinhardt; and
John J. O'Connell, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred
McCormack, were admitted to practice.
No. 36. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lee Shubert,
Jacob J. Shubert, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Alfred Mc-
Cormack for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Philip Elman for
the appellant.
No. 53. United States of America, appellant, v. International Box-
ing Club of New York, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for
the appellant, by Mr. Manuel Lee Robbins for the New York State
Athletic Commission, amicus curiae, and by Mr. Whitney North
Seymour and Mr. Charles H. Watson for the appellees.
No. 29. The United States, petitioner, v. Koppers Company, Inc.,
Successor on Merger to Koppers United Company and Subsidiaries.
Argued by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the petitioner and by Mr. David
W. Richmond for the respondent.
Adjourned until Friday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos. 41
and 43.
☑
313093-54-20
4
"

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
74
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ernest E. Kellogg, of Veedersburg, Ind., on motion of Mr. Will
Shafroth; James H. Henry, of Tullahoma, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Estes Kefauver; Leon Eggleston Provine, of Grenada, Miss., and
Leon Podrove, of Manchester, Conn., on motion of Mr. Hilbert P.
Zarky; James F. Hulse, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Hugh T.
Fullerton; M. David Scheinman, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion
of Mr. John C. Herberg; Miss Frane V. Thomas, of St. Petersburg,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Nacrelli; Jerome C. Fisher, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski, Jr.; Arthur
J. Harvey, of Albany, N. Y., and Harvey M. Lifset, of Albany, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. William H. Ward, Jr.; Peveril O. Settle, of Fort
Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Archie D. Gray; John L. Toler, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Max C. Louis; Louis Lusky, of
Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Harold Leventhal; and Lynell G.
Skarda, of Clovis, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Dee C. Blythe, were
admitted to practice.
No. 41. Premier Oil Refining Company of Texas, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Argued by Mr. William A. Sutherland
for the petitioner and by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the respondent.
No. 43. The Tee-Hit-Ton Indians, an Identifiable Group of Alaska
Indians, petitioner, v. The United States. Argued by Mr. James
Craig Peacock for the petitioner and by Mr. Ralph A. Barney for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
261, 14, 38, and 120.
313093-54-21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
75
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jacob Yosef Miliman, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick Bernays Wiener; Pierre Howard, of Decatur Ga., on motion
of Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; J. D. Todd, Jr., of Greenville, S. C.,
and Wesley M. Walker, of Greenville, S. C., on motion of Mr. Mac
Asbill; Jerome F. Kramer, of Cleveland, Ohio, Harry D. Rees, Jr.,
of Rocky River, Ohio, and Jerry F. Chvosta, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Roland A. Linger; Eugene M. Munger, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Francis Coleman Rosenberger; John L.
Globensky, of Benton Harbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. Donald
Joseph Fortman; Howard I. Furst, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. John Joseph Dwyer; Robert B. Stewart, of Montgomery, Ala.,
and Robert Straub, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. John
Sparkman; Sidney Gustave Roos, of New Orleans, La., on motion of
Mr. John C. Ristine; Richard W. Mehl, of Goshen, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Ray S. Donaldson; George Calvin Dreos, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Eugenio M. Fonbuena; Orvis Samuel Moore,
of Greenville, Tex., on motion of Mr. E. Jake Jacobsen; Lorraine
Wall Hurney, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Loran Paul
Winings; and R. Stanley Hudgins, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of
Mr. W. R. Ashburn, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 28. Evelyn Rice, petitioner, v. Sioux City Memorial Park
Cemetery, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed
by an equally divided Court.
No. 404. Milton Amsel and Charles Amsel d/b/a Amsel Dental
Laboratory, appellants, v. Clarence G. Brooks et al., Comprising the
Members of the Dental Commission of the State of Connecticut.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question.
313093-54- -22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1954
76
No. 418. West Virginia Motor Truck Association, Inc., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Public Service Commission of West Virginia and the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Railway Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. Per
Curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 16. Silesian Holding Company et al., petitioners, v. Union
Bank of Switzerland et al.; and
No. 17. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
Union Bank of Switzerland et al. The motion to defer consideration
of the petitions for writs of certiorari until March 1, 1955, is granted.
No. 20. James R. Ellis, as President of the Yonkers Committee for
Peace, an Unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. William Dixon
et al., as Members of the Board of Education of the City of Yonkers,
etc. This case is ordered restored to the docket for reargument before
a full bench. Counsel are requested to argue both the merits and the
jurisdiction of this Court.
No. 368. Joseph P. Marcelle, petitioner, v. Estate of Raymond
Lupia, Bruno Lupia and Amelia Lupia, Executors. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 374. Edward J. Shaughnessy, as District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization for the District of New York, petitioner, v.
Mampril Sequeira Pedreiro. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 376. John P. Peters, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 308. Walter Bitterling, petitioner, v. Maple Island Farm, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 372. Thayer Company et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 373. The State of Wisconsin and the Public Service Commis-
sion of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. Peti-
1
4

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1954
77
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 377. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee of the Estate of Christopher
Engineering Company, a Corporation, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v.
Ida Magidson, Executrix of the Estate of Phil Magidson, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 397. A. M. Joyce, Harold French, Bernice Sherry, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Roger L. Dell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 401. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation, petitioner, v. Z. D.
Atkins, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation, State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied.
No. 46. Frank Bernard Kuczynski, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden, Wisconsin State Prison, Waupun, Wisconsin;
No. 86. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission;
No. 106. Stapling Machines Co., appellant, v. A. H. Stone, Chair-
man, State Tax Commission of the State of Mississippi, and J. E.
Stone, General Counsel for the State Tax Commission for the State
of Mississippi;
No. 188. Ennis M. Nichols, Individually and on Behalf of Other
Stockholders of Long Island Lighting Company Similarly Situated,
etc., petitioner, v. Long Island Lighting Company and Securities and
Exchange Commission;
No. 26, Misc. Wilbur O. Archie, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Company,
Inc., et al.;
No. 64, Misc. Clyde Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 90, Misc. Jean A. H. Barkeij, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft
Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 25, Misc. Charles Vincent Gicinto, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 27, Misc. Harold W. Hopwood, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 134, Misc. Isaac Wise, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1954
ORDER
78
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 22 until Mon-
day, December 6, next.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. Submitted by Mr. Abe Fortas, Mr. George H. T.
Dudley, and Mr. Milton V. Freeman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Warren H. Young for the respondent.
No. 14. United States of America, petitioner, v. Guy W. Capps,
Inc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the petitioner
and by Mr. W. R. Ashburn for the respondent.
No. 38. United States of America, petitioner, v. Peter Brown.
Argued by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the petitioner and by Mr. Lee S.
Kreindler for the respondent.
No. 120. Jeremiah Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Argument commenced by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Robert B. Stewart for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
120, 33, 34, 35, and 40.
Х
ཟུག་པ་དང་མ་བྱེད་ནས་ བ ར་

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John Lefler Davidson, Jr., of Springfield, Ill., and Mark O. Roberts,
of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edgar A. Jonas; John F. Deeds,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Dillon Fitzgerald;
Claudius Rogers Hall, Jr., of Westminster, Md., on motion of Mr.
Norman C. Melvin, Jr.; Louis Pabst Poulton, of Pasadena, Md., on
motion of Mr. Plato Ernest Papps; Patrick James Wilson, of Ponce,
P. R., on motion of Mr. Darwin Charles Brown; Lamar Carnes, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Samuel D. McIlwain; Karl K.
Morris, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Walter E. Barton; John
Burdette Benkert, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss Ivy Lee
Buchanan; and William B. Wolf, Jr., of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion
of Mr. William B. Wolf, were admitted to practice.
No. 120. Jeremiah Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert Straub for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioner.
No. 33. United States of America, petitioner, v. Michael P. Acri
et al. Argued by Mr. Charles K. Rice for the petitioner and by Mr.
Francis B. Kavanagh for the respondent, Edward Oravitz, Adminis-
trator, etc.
No. 34. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Liverpool and
London and Globe Insurance Company, Limited, et al. Argued by
Mr. Charles K. Rice for the petitioner and submitted by Mr. Searcy
L. Johnson for respondent, The Liverpool and London and Globe
Insurance Co., Ltd., and by Mr. Arthur S. Goldberg for the respond-
ent Sunnyland Wholesale Furniture Co.
No. 35. United States of America, petitioner, v. R. P. Scovil, Dan
Tassey, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. John R. Benney for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. D. Todd, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 40. Bessie B. Cox and John G. Thompson, as Administrators
of the Estate of Sid Cox, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Arthur Roth,
as Administrator of the Estate of James Dean, Deceased. Argued
313093-54--23
1
"

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1954
80
by Mr. Douglas D. Batchelor for the petitioners and by Mr. Jacob
Rassner for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
44, 121, and 51.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
✓
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Nicholas A. Brinsky, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Michael Leo Hearns,
of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles G. Jaquette; George
Leftoff, of Franklin Square, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Seymour Spruch;
Blanche Eunice Dodds, of Chattanooga, Tenn., and Alvin Gilmore
Cohen of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Samuel Lebowitz; Loyal
Herman Gregg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Mahlon E.
Lewis; Robert T. Jensen, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
John W. Gaskins; and Walton M. Joiner, of Peoria, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Joseph O. Janousek, were admitted to practice.
No. 44. Latham Castle, Attorney General of the State of Illinois,
et al., petitioners, v. Hayes Freight Lines, Inc. Argued by Mr. John
L. Davidson, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. David Axelrod for
the respondent.
No. 121. L. L. Moore, petitioner, v. Mead's Fine Bread Company,
a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Lynell G. Skarda and Mr. Dee C.
Blythe for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward W. Napier for the
respondent.
No. 51. Association of Westinghouse Salaried Employees, peti-
tioner, v. Westinghouse Electric Corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. David E. Feller for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
51 and 54.
☑
313093-54—24
✓
d

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Lawrence B. Lindemer, of Stockbridge, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Homer Ferguson; A. DeJongh Franklin, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Asher Lewis Wheeler; Richard K. Gordon, of Andover, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. John C. Herberg; Arnold M. Edelman, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William H. Thomas, and Robert M. Taylor, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. James P. McGranery, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 51. Association of Westinghouse Salaried Employees, peti-
tioner, v. Westinghouse Electric Corporation. Argument continued
by Mr. David E. Feller for the petitioner and by Mr. Mahlon E. Lewis
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. David E. Feller for the peti-
tioner.
No. 54. Michael J. Regan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argued by Mr. Emanuel Redfield for the petitioner and
by Mr. Aaron E. Koota for the respondent. Leave granted respond-
ent to file a supplemental brief within two weeks with leave to the
petitioner to reply within two weeks thereafter.
Adjourned until Monday, November 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
น
313093-54--25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
83
ང
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Joseph C. Zavatt, of Cedarhurst, N. Y., Julius Wolfson, of New
York, N. Y., Benjamin H. Wicksel, of Woodmere, N. Y., Nathaniel
Taylor, of Malverne, N. Y., Edward J. Speno, of East Meadow, N. Y.,
Henry A. Spelman, of Lynbrook, N. Y., Laurence Rosenthal, of New
York, N. Y., John L. Skinner, of Glen Cove, N. Y., Jacob J. Pincus,
of Glen Cove, N. Y., Francis J. Parks, of Sea Cliff, N. Y., William
B. Hoffman, of Mineola, N. Y., Royd C. Lutz, of New York, N. Y.,
Roland A. Crowe, of Glen Cove, N. Y., George S. Eaton, Jr., of
Mineola, N. Y., James F. Conway, of Rockville Centre, N. Y., Charles
P. Buckley, Jr., of Freeport, N. Y., Irving Cahn, of Mineola, N. Y.,
William H. Cole, of Birmingham, Ala., Edward T. Brown, of New
Hyde Park, N. Y., Max M. Greenfield, of East Hills, N. Y., John H.
Sheahan, of New York, N. Y., and Abe Sherman, of Clarksdale, Miss.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Allan R.
Phipps, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; William
Francis Becker, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leo A. Rover;
James P. Goode, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. Albert M.
Kuhfeld; Mary Goode Rogan, of Burbank, Calif., and Richard R.
Rogan, of Burbank, Calif., on motion of Mr. K. Norman Diamond;
James E. Harmon, of Champaign, Ill., Richard J. Faletti, of Urbana,
Ill., Earl L. Palmberg, of Urbana, Ill., and Herman J. Obert, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Harold
H. McConnell, of North Vernon, Ind., on motion of Mr. Clarence M.
Dinkins; Karl J. Schumer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Burr Tracy Ansell; Daniel G. Marshall, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. David Rein; Marjorie Hanson Matson, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., and Harry S. Kalson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Murdaugh
Stuart Madden; Irving E. Field, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Fritz L. Puls, Jr.; Louis Geo. Feldmann, of Hazleton, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Mitchell Jenkins; Kenneth Harwell, of Nashville, Tenn.,
and R. B. Parker, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William
M. Burkhalter; Robert G. Johnson, of Arlington, Va, on motion of
Mr. Dominick Manoli; Charles W. Hackett, of Texarkana, Ark., on
313093-54-26
"
*

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
84
motion of Mr. John L. McClellan; John J. McGrath, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., on motion of Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr.; Paul Nicholas Kokulis,
of Washington, D. C., and George Thomas Mobille, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Max C. Louis; Robert E. Brown, of Shelby-
ville, Ind., on motion of Mr. Burton F. Ellis; H. Charles Ephraim, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Aaron Alvis Layne, Jr.; Paul
Taylor O'Neil, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James J.
Shanley; Richard L. Jones, of Colonial Heights, Va., on motion of
Mr. Irving R. M. Panzer; William K. Cole, of Hartford, Conn., on
motion of Mr. David Lloyd Kreeger; and Richard A. Hollander, of
Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. Donal Lloyd Turkal, were admitted
to practice.
No. 19. National Union of Marine Cooks and Stewards, a Volun-
tary Association, petitioner, v. George Arnold et al. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 22. Samuel Berman and Solomon H. Feldman, Executors of
the Estate of Max R. Morris, Deceased, appellants, v. Andrew Parker,
John A. Remon, James E. Colliflower, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia. The judgment
of the District Court, as modified by the opinion of this Court, is
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of this Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 351. Louisiana Public Service Commission et al., appellants,
v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed.
No. 286, Misc. John H. McVeigh, appellant, v. State of Florida.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
- .
No. In the Matter of Milton R. Weinberger. The motion to
amend the attorney's roll to show the change of name of Milton R.
Weinberger to Milton R. Weir is granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
ORDER
85
In view of the absence of a full Court the cases of Brown v. Board
of Education of Topeka; Briggs v. Elliott; Davis v. County School
Board of Prince Edward County; Bolling v. Sharpe; and Gebhart v.
Belton, Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, now scheduled for argument December
6th, are continued.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. Leave to submit this case without oral argument is
denied. The case is restored to the docket for argument and Erwin
N. Griswold, Esq., is invited to appear and present oral argument as
amicus curiae in support of the judgment below.
No. 233. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Stone's
Express, Inc.; and
No. 363. St. Johnsbury Trucking Company, Inc., and Hinsch
Transportation Co., Inc., appellants, v. Stone's Express, Inc. Ap-
peals from the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the
cases are transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 387. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. C. W. Vollmer & Company, Inc.;
and
No. 394. In the Matter of Application of Ben G. Levy for Admis-
sion to Practice in United States District Court, Southern District of
Texas, petitioner. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and cases are
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 271. Fred Seltenreich and Hawley Evans, a Partnership, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The Town of Fairbanks et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 382. Joao Simoes Barreiro, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 386. J. Richard Kafes, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
86
No. 388. Murray Talanker, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 389. Foreman & Clark, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 392. Pure Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. Minute Maid Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 396. Milco Undergarment Co., Inc., and Bloomsburg Braid-
ing Corporation, petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 398. John R. Lewis, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 384. United States of America, petitioner, v. Jesse W. Hunter.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. Petition for rehearing of the motion for leave to inter-
vene denied.
No. 736, October Term, 1953. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe
E. Woods, Acting Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter.
Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 79. Las Vegas Merchant Plumbers Association, Merchant
Plumbers Exchange, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America;
No. 85. Andrija Artukovic, petitioner, v. Rafo Ivancevic, Consul
General of the Federal Peoples' Republic of Jugoslavia, et al.;
No. 88. Margeret Shiver Williams, petitioner, v. Carolina Life
Insurance Company et al.;
No. 111. H. J. Harris, George W. Hartman, Olen B. Hiner, et al.,
appellants, v. Thomas B. Stanley, Governor of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, et al.;
No. 151. Samuel George Nilva et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America;
No. 152. Ira W. Jayne et al., Judges of the Circuit Court of Wayne
County, Michigan, et al., appellants, v. City of Detroit et al.;
HE

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
87
No. 167. Joseph Pomprowitz, a Sole Trader, Doing Business as
L. C. L. Transit Company, et al., appellants, v. United States of Amer-
ica and Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 201. Frank Kuchin, petitioner, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company;
No. 208. F. O. Wilemon et al., petitioners, v. City and County of
Dallas Levee Improvement District et al.;
No. 221. Murphy Corporation and Natural Gas and Oil Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. Rufus W. Fontenot, Collector of Revenue, State
of Louisiana;
No. 245. Oliver V. Kessler, petitioner, v. Fauquier National Bank,
as Administrator, C. T. A. of the Estate of Rose Meredith Kessler,
Deceased, et al.;
No. 257. Hoxsey Cancer Clinic, a Partnership, and Harry M.
Hoxsey, an Individual, petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 272. Rose M. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. Douglas McKay,
Secretary of the Interior;
No. 279. Walter J. Sawyer, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin;
No. 291. William R. Bertelsen, petitioner, v. Brigadier General
James B. Cooney;
No. 314. Roy Rogers, petitioner, v. Republic Pictures Corporation
et al.;
No. 325. Insurance Company of North America, petitioner, v. The
United States;
No. 21, Misc. Ann Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hurtado,
Individually and as Executrix, etc., et al.;
No. 23, Misc. Clifford Funkhouser, petitioner, v. Loew's, Incorpo-
rated;
No. 45, Misc. Leonardo Salemi, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York;
No. 81, Misc. William MacLaren, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York; and
No. 82, Misc. Lawrence O'Connell petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 118, Misc. Linnie Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
denied.
No. 174, Misc. Donald Hawkins Brown, petitioner, v. State of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1954
88
No. 219, Misc. Eugene Monahan, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
ORDER
Pursuant to the provisions of Title 28, U. S. C., § 42, It is ordered
that Mr. Justice Frankfurter be, and he is hereby temporarily assigned.
to the Second Circuit as Circuit Justice.
Adjourned until Monday, December 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frederick W. Ford, of Clarksburg, West Va., and James F. Mc-
Manus, of Levittown, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon
E. Sobeloff; Ernest S. Brown, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Warren
Olney III; William Hurt Erickson, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Allen C. Phelps; Robert S. Gruhn, of Wilmette, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Bolitha J. Laws; John K. Corkhill, of Topeka, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Jay Kyle; Madison Hauk Dean, of Morrilton, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr., of Hyattsville,
Md., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Walter B. Langley, of Amster-
dam, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edmund C. Grainger, Jr.; Elmer M.
Amundson, of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Frank H. Surine; John
P. McClure, of Washington, D. C., and John B. Letterman, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John E. McClure; Robert L. Graham,
Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William H. Matthews, Jr.;
Henry A. Blair, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Warren Emerson
Blair; Joseph Donald Craven, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of
Mr. Louis Sherman; Walter Phipps, Jr., of Conshohocken, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Thomas B. Lawrence; Joseph Charles Jackson, of
Columbia, Tenn., on motion of Mr. John Putman Dinsmore; William
James Gregg, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Francis P.
Noonan; Edward G. Burstein, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of
Mr. Theodore I. Seamon; Elreta Melton Alexander, of Greensboro,
N. C., on motion of Mr. George H. Windsor; John Burke Turner, of
Lexington, Ky., on motion of Mr. Donald T. Ruby; Buell Arnold
Doelle, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Gibbs Latimer Baker;
William Andrew Groening, Jr., of Midland, Mich., on motion of
Mr. John Chisman Hanes; Clare J. Streinz, of Washington, D. C.,
and Joseph Patrick Kearns, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
William John McMahon; Cecil Joseph Bishop, of Sacramento, Calif.,
Benjamin Landis, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Alvin Landis, of
Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Frederic L.
Conway, Jr., of Malden, Mass., on motion of Mr. Daniel J. Hanlon;
Howard J. Trienens, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Stuart S.
Ball; Edward B. Gregg, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Vernon Harden Doane; Leon Howard Hubbard, of Pontiac, Mich.,
313093-54 27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
90
Frank Robert Cook, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Belford Vance Lawson, Jr.; Richard Schifter, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur Lazarus, Jr.; Reginald Frederick Pippin,
Jr., of Dothan, Ala., on motion of Mr. James W. Irwin; Catherine B.
Kelly, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William F. Kelly;
Paul Dee Speer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Miles Dorwin
Pillars; Robert L. Birdwell, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Hugh Cole-
man Nolen, of Okemah, Okla., and George R. Taylor, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Miss Vivien Irene McConnell; John T.
Kelton, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ellis Spear Middleton;
Walter P. Hickey, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert H.
Winn; Leo Papp, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wendell Lund;
Sheldon Lowe, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Fried-
man; Alston Jennings, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin
D. Dupree, Jr.; Robert G. Seeds, of Aurora, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Samuel Lebowitz; Wesley W. Kergan, of Carmel, Calif., on motion
of Mr. J. Gilmer Korner, Jr.; Irving D. Isko, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. David Reich; Bernard J. Lepgold, of Milwaukee,
Wis., on motion of Mr. Eli E. Nobleman; David A. Nichols, of Lin-
colnville, Maine, on motion of Mr. William C. Lewis, Jr.; John P.
Somers, of Tucson, Ariz., Daniel C. Mahoney, of Portland, Oreg.,
Spencer P. Nordyke, of Etiwanda, Calif., John Brennen Bennett, of
Coral Gables, Fla., D. Elliott Whitlock, of San Bernardino, Calif.,
Don Hummel, of Tucson, Ariz., Kenneth C. Chatwin, of Phoenix,
Ariz., John C. Haynes, Jr., of Tucson, Ariz., Charles C. Stidham, of
Phoenix, Ariz., Richard G. Kleindienst, of Phoenix, Ariz., Leven B.
Ferrin, of Mesa, Ariz., James Chambers Ford, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
Max Keith Estes, of Tucson, Ariz., Coburn T. Scholl, of Tucson, Ariz.,
David Feldman, of Long Beach, Calif., Robert Joseph McGowan,
of Los Angeles, Calif., Robert Yost Schureman, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
James Beatty Davis, of Covington, Ky., Gordon Lee Lund, of Ar-
cadia, Calif., Paul Harris, of Long Beach, Calif., William E. Sommer,
of San Diego, Calif., Richard J. Weller, of San Bernardino, Calif.,
Edgar C. Keller, of San Bernardino, Calif., Jack T. Arnold, of Tuc-
son, Ariz., and John M. Little, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 64. Odom Farrell Sullivan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Kansas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 37. Marion L. Holland and Ethel E. Holland, petitioners, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
91
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 18. David Friedberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 52. Daniel Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 25. United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward B. Cal-
deron. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Arizona for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 119. O'Neal Massey, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 38. United States of America, petitioner, v. Peter Brown. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 121. L. L. Moore, petitioner, v. Mead's Fine Bread Company, a
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of District Court affirmed. The case
is remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
New Mexico. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 21. Ray Brooks, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals enforcing order of
the National Labor Relations Board affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
92
No. 49. William J. Opper, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 44. Latham Castle, Attorney General of the State of Illinois,
et al., petitioners, v. Hayes Freight Lines, Inc. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 6. B. Clinton Watson, et ux., petitioners, v. Employers Liability
Assurance Corporation, Ltd., et al. Appeal from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Western District of Louisiana for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. The writ of certiorari
is dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 11. Lumbermen's Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
Florence R. Elbert. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 120. Jeremiah Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Per Curiam:
Judgment reversed. See Canty v. Alabama, 309 U. S. 629, and Vernon
v. Alabama, 313 U. S. 547.
No. 356. Motor Freight Express et al., appellants, v. United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and Branch Motor
Express Company. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The motions
to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 378. Willmut Gas & Oil Company and Ohio Casualty Company
of Hamilton, Ohio, appellants, v. Covington County, Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi;
No. 381. Masters, Inc., appellant, v. General Electric Company.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York;
.

A
MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
93
No. 407. Marke E. Chapman, Mrs. Ruth Muirhead, and Sam Jones
Smith, appellants, v. City of Shreveport. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Louisiana; and
No. 250, Misc. Boyce M. Addington, appellant, v. State of Tennes-
see. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Per Curiam:
The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed
for the want of substantial federal question.
No. 416. Anthony G. "Amos" Amadio, petitioner, v. United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is reversed and the
case is remanded to the District Court with directions to dismiss the
indictment on the ground that it does not come within the purview of
the statute.
No. 427. C. R. Barnes et al., petitioners, v. The Akron, Canton &
Youngstown Railroad Company et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is
remanded to the District Court for disposition agreeable to the rep-
resentation of counsel for respondents.
No. 193, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., appellant, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The order entered in this case on November 8, 1954, is
amended so as to read as follows: “Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C. § 1254 (2).”
No. 79, Misc. Lula Rimes Hall, a Widow, petitioner, v. B. A. Wil-
liams and Constance Williams. The motion for damages is denied.
No. 236. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nel-
son. The petition as to printing the record is denied.
No. 402. Marvin Stuart Walton, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
of California, Appellate Department, in and for the County of Santa
Clara, granted.
No. 405. In the Matters of Lee Roy Murchison and John White,
petitioners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan granted.
No. 417. Lewyt Corporation (now known as Lewyt Manufacturing
Corporation), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
313093-54-28

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
94
the Second Circuit granted limited to questions 1 and 2 presented by
the application for the writ which read as follows:
"1. Whether, in the case of a taxpayer on the accrual basis, excess
profits taxes paid within a taxable year constitute excess profits taxes
'paid or accrued within the taxable year' under § 122 (d) (6), § 122
(a) and § 122 (b) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939 (‘the
Code') dealing with the computation of the net operating loss deduc-
tion.
"2. Whether under Section 122 (d) (6) and § 122 (b) (1) of the
Code the 'tax imposed by Subchapter E of Chapter 2' [the excess profits
tax] 'accrued within the taxable year' is the excess profits tax com-
puted on the basis of the facts existing at the end of such taxable
year or whether it is the excess profits tax ultimately determined to
be due after application of a carry-back arising in a later year and
after giving effect to other circumstances arising in later years."
The case is transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 10.
No. 180, Misc. Robert Cecil Bell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted and case is transferred to the appellate
docket.
No. 362. Charles Cooper, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 393. Irving M. Rubenstein, a/k/a Irving M. Ruby, petitioner,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 395. Mrs. Nellie Goins Hall, Widow of James Oscar Hall, De-
ceased, petitioner, v. First National Bank of Atlanta, Executor of
the Estate of James Oscar Hall. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 400. The Chattanooga Station Company, petitioner, v. Lucy
Massey, Admrx. of the Estate of Frank Massey. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 403. Thomas Eistrat, petitioner, v. Brush Industrial Lumber
Company and John A. Brush. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court and District Court of Appeals of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 409. Joseph Kent Harrison, petitioner, v. Martha Harrison.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
95
No. 410. Pacific Westbound Conference et al., petitioners, v. Leval
& Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 419. Max H. Barber and William L. Taylor, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Carl H. Chapman, Doing Business as Carl Chapman Fruit
Company, petitioner, v. James P. Mitchell, as Secretary of Labor,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 422. Fort Mason Fruit Company, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell, as Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor.!
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 424. Myrtle J. Edwards et al., petitioners, v. L. H. Barkhausen
and Randolph Bohrer, Individually and Doing Business as the Dou-
bleby Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 87. Florence Van Hoff and Victor Berg, petitioners, v. Rede-
velopment Agency of the City and County of San Francisco, a Public
Body, etc., et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the record
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 411. Alice D. Wrather et al., petitioners, v. The American Uni-
versity et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 130. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. State of
Minnesota;
No. 88, Misc. Eva P. DeFoe, petitioner, v. National Capital Bank;
No. 109, Misc. Geraldine V. DeFoe, petitioner, v. National Capital
Bank; and
No. 215, Misc. Gilbert J. Stinchcomb, petitioner, v. People of Cali-
fornia et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 3, Misc. Charles P. O'Neil, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, as
Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
96
No. 28, Misc. James T. Mickens, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 38, Misc. Samuel Hodges, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 55, Misc. Arthur Rookard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 56, Misc. Herbert Mezo, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 62, Misc. Robert Cage, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 67, Misc. Mario J. DeLucia, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 68, Misc. Roy Tarrence, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 69, Misc. Leonard Tarrence, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 86, Misc. Joseph Moyle, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 92, Misc. Hugh Leonard Wood, petitioner, v. State of Utah.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 96, Misc. William Floyd Dunne, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 127, Misc. Darold J. White, petitioner, v. G. W. Humphrey,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 137, Misc. Alfred F. Trice, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 153, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
97
No. 159, Misc. George H. Ashley, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 162, Misc. Joseph D. Daniels, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 168, Misc. Harold Rush Elder, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 170, Misc. Jewell Lee Chenoweth, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 176, Misc. Coy Thompson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 177, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 187, Misc. Carl S. Seely, petitioner, v. Robert Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 212, Misc. William Edward Fudge, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 222, Misc. Peter Paul Shank, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 223, Misc. Tony Garcia, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 228, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 229, Misc. Elmira Bradshaw et al., petitioners, v. Henry M.
Marks et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 230, Misc. Anthony Chiarella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 231, Misc. Leroy Harris, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
98
No. 232, Misc. Okie McCune, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 237, Misc. Emery Joseph Roux, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 239, Misc. John Norman Clark, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 240, Misc. Howard E. Johnson, petitioner, v. Lawrence Del-
more, Jr., Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 246, Misc. Stanley C. Olsen, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 251, Misc. Sigmund Pollack, petitioner, v. James T. Aspbury
et al., etc., and R. Lewis Townsend, Contemnor. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 252, Misc. Homer Hodges, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 253, Misc. Lawrence Mills, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Department, denied.
No. 273, Misc. Louis M. Suttles, Chastine Beverly, and James L.
Riggins, petitioners, v. Colonel James W. Davis, Commandant, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 47, Misc. Lee Scalf, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West
Virginia denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of
habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 225, Misc. Lester L. Richter, petitioner, v. Edwin S. Swenson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Minnesota denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus also denied.
No. 249, Misc. Albert Norman West, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus also denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1954
No. 121, Misc. Ex parte William H. Jackson, petitioner;
99
90
No. 199, Misc. Reyes Correa Negron, petitioner, v. Chesley H.
Looney, Warden;
No. 213, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 224, Misc. Ex parte Willie Ray Watson, petitioner; and
No. 248, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Clarence Weismantel,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus.
denied.
No. 181, Misc. Thomas Smith, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
and petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 203, Misc. Raymond Brown, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 276, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Thomas C. Fitz-
gerald, petitioner, v. Hon. Sylvester J. Ryan, Judge, etc. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 241, Misc. Walter Furmanski, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden; and
No. 244, Misc. Anthony Baerchus, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, January 10,
1955.
Adjourned until Monday, January 10, 1955, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
L. Stanley Harbeson, of Austin, Tex., Joseph Bodell Bergen, of Sa-
vannah, Ga., Donald G. Balthis, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Philip Ephraim Heckerling,
of Miami, Fla., and Louis Schneiderman, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Estes Kefauver; Doane F. Kiechel, of Superior, Nebr., on mo-
tion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis; C. George Anastos, of Alexandria, Va., on
motion of Mr. John Marshall Butler; Stewart L. Udall, of Tucson,
Ariz., Alfred C. Marquez, of Tucson, Ariz., Robert Claude Forquer, of
Phoenix, Ariz., and Frank Babbitt Horne, of Mesa, Ariz., on motion of
Mr. John J. Rhodes; Leith Howard Jaques, of Clearfield, Utah, on
motion of Mr. William A. Dawson; James Dexter Harris, of Pasa-
dena, Calif., on motion of Mr. James B. Utt; Bernard E. Vinardi, of
Omaha, Nebr., Joseph Anthony Troia, of Omaha, Nebr., John C.
Paulus, of Salem, Oreg., Grover W. Penberthy, of Salem, Oreg., Wil-
liam C. Craft, of Lincoln, Nebr., Robert B. Carmichael, of Springfield,
Oreg., Irving B. Epstein, of Omaha, Nebr., John S. Sloma, of Omaha,
Nebr., Sidney A. Milligan, of Eugene, Oreg., Harold V. Johnson,
Jr., of Eugene, Oreg., Armando Henry Ferrari, of Omaha, Nebr.,
Louis Anthony Seminara, of Omaha, Nebr., Richard A. Tirro, of
Omaha, Nebr., Joseph Paul Inserra, of Omaha, Nebr., Fred F. Ebener,
of Omaha, Nebr., Eliot H. W. Thomas, of Glenwood, Iowa, Keith Dex-
ter Skelton, of Eugene, Oreg., Charles O. Porter, of Eugene, Oreg.,
Frank C. McKinney, of Salem, Oreg., Frederick A. Morgan, Jr., of
Salem, Oreg., Milton Robert Fromkin, of Omaha, Nebr., Robert Ed-
ward O'Connor, of Omaha, Nebr., Houghton Furr, of Loncoln, Nebr.,
Harry H. Foulks, Jr., of Omaha, Nebr., Jerome Paul Grossman, of
Omaha, Nebr., Robert C. Fisk, of Omaha, Nebr., Seward Reese, of
Salem, Oreg., Peter M. Gunnar, of Salem, Oreg., James E. Mathews,
of Ashburn, Ga., Quincey W. Tucker, Jr., of Grove Hill, Ala., John
W. Benbow, of Wichita Falls, Tex., John C. Chew, of Daytona Beach,
Fla., Samuel C. Wexler, of New York, N. Y., and Donald A. Williams,
of Windsor, N. C., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; William
Robert Burt, of Bronxville, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Issiah Guymon
Martin; George F. Westerman, of Darlington, Wis., on motion of
Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Donald H. Dickey, of Chicago, Ill.,
313093-55-29.

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
101
on motion of Mr. Edwin N. Logan; Nathaniel T. Helman, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Anthony P. Donadio; Ross G. Porter,
of District Heights, Md., on motion of Mr. J. Edwin Hutchinson; Jo-
seph Buch, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman; Stan-
ley Ries Schuchat, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Joseph Rot-
wein; Michael A. Schuchat, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Irwin Geiger; Sylvia B. Sternstein, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Herman Sternstein; Robert Todd Hays, Sr., of Louisville, Ky.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel O. Omer; Bernard J. Long, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. George P. Lamb; George E. Duis, of Fargo,
N. Dak., on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Collins; Jerome K. Kuyken-
dall, of Olympia, Wash., on motion of Mr. Willard W. Gatchell;
George L. Rodgers, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Francis
H. Gaskin, Jr.; J. Wooten Pearce, of Arlington, Va., on motion of
Mr. Robert A. McGinnis; Edgar Anthony Pritchard, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mrs. Una Rita Morris; Joseph F. Blasi, Jr., of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Leonard Raum; John V. Whitten-
burg, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Ellis Spear Middleton;
Hugh Edward Smith, of Troy, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Earl G.
Spiker; John Hopkins Heires, of Washington, D. C., and Hart Hunter
Spiegel, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Tom Killefer;
Pierce McConnell, of Cleveland Heights, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Errett G. Smith; Harlan Earl Grimes, of Grapeland, Tex., on motion
of Mr. William J. Houston; Edwin Doran, of New York, N. Y. and
Jackson Lintecum Kiser, of Galax, Va., on motion of Mr. Burton S.
Ellis; Leonard F. Schmitt, of Merrill, Wis., and John D. LaBelle, of
Manchester, Conn., on motion of Mr. John F. Lane; Hazel Palmer,
of Sedalia, Mo., on motion of Miss Marguerite Rawalt; Florence F.
Forgotson, of Red Bank, N. J., on motion of Mrs. Ida Simrall Als;
Frank Pendleton Barker, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Samuel E. Neel; William N. Geagan, of Butte, Mont., on motion of
Mr. B. K. Wheeler; Paul Thomas Key, of Columbus, Ohio, and J.
Melvin Andrews, of Eastlake, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Horace Chap-
man Rose, were admitted to practice.
No. 33. United States of America, petitioner, v. Michael P. Acri
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 34. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Liverpool and
London and Globe Insurance Company, Limited, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
h

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
102
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Texas for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Minton.
No. 35. United States of America, petitioner, v. R. P. Scovil, Dan
Tassey, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of South Carolina. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of South Carolina for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 40. Bessie B. Cox and John G. Thompson, as Administrators
of the Estate of Sid Cox, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Arthur Roth,
as Administrator of the Estate of James Dean, Deceased. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Southern District
of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 24. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Louis Sternberger, the Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Executor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals re-
versed and case remanded to that Court for action in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 31. Baltimore Contractors, Inc., petitioner, v. Jacob H.
Bodinger. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the East-
ern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Burton concurs in the judgment of the Court. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 12. Hy Goldbaum, George Capri, and Edward Cooke, petition-
ers, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 13. Thomas W. Banks, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 15. Austin F. McFee, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
103
No. 133. C. Maxwell Brown, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ca. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 135. Robert Maxwell Watts, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 209. Keith M. Beaty, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 215. Jacob Strauch, Alex Strauch, and Harry Benjamin Sher,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 249. Lester H. Burdick, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 622, October Term, 1953. David H. Mitchell, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam:
In Nos. 12, 13, 15, 133, 135, 209, 215, and 249 the petitions for
certiorari are severally granted. In No. 622, October Term, 1953, the
petition for rehearing is granted, the order denying certiorari is
vacated, and the petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judg-
ments are vacated and the cases are remanded to their respective
Courts of Appeals for consideration in the light of Holland v. United
States, Friedberg v. United States, Smith v. United States, and United
States v. Calderon, decided by this Court December 6, 1954.
We have not considered the merits of these cases, nor have we
determined their relation to our recent opinions, supra, believing that
reexamination by the Courts of Appeals is desirable even in those
cases remotely involving the principles laid down in the net worth
decisions.
Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 304, October Term, 1953. Elmer F. Remmer, petitioner, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
motion for leave to file and the petition for rehearing are granted.
This case is restored to the docket, and the whole record, including
the findings and order of Judge Goodman, is remanded to the Court
of Appeals for its consideration on the errors assigned when the case
was before the Court of Appeals before, in order that the Court on
the whole record may reconsider the case in the light of our recent
decisions in Holland v. United States, Friedberg v. United States,
Smith v. United States, and United States v. Calderon, and Judge
Goodman's findings and order.
'

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
104
Mr. Justice Black would reverse the judgment of conviction and
grant a new trial in view of the jury incident discussed in Remmer
v. United States, 347 U. S. 227.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 408. Ralph Lachman et al., appellants, v. The City of Miami
Beach. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida; and
No. 415. Belridge Oil Company, appellant, v. City of Los Angeles.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The
motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 446. Stapling Machines Company, appellant, v. A. H. Stone,
Chairman, State Tax Commission. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed.
No. 316, Misc. State of Colorado, petitioner, v. William Lee Knous,
Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable Monday, February
7th, requiring the respondent to show cause why the petition for writ
of prohibition or for a writ of mandamus should not be granted.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The motion of the State of California for an allowance of time
to file a brief in response to the briefs of Colorado, Wyoming, Utah,
and New Mexico is granted. California is allowed thirty days from
this date to file its brief in response. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
International Longshoremen's & Warehousemen's Union v.
National Labor Relations Board. The motion for an order nunc pro
tunc extending time within which to file petition for certiorari is
denied.
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al. The motion for leave to file brief of Federation of
Citizens Association of D. C. as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 199. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Glen-
shaw Glass Company and William Goldman Theatres, Inc. The
motion for leave to file a brief of Dean Milk Co. as amicus curiae
is denied.
No. 451. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Al-
lentown Broadcasting Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted.
313093-55-30
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
105
No. 454. Mastro Plastics Corp. and French-American Reeds Manu-
facturing Co., Inc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 463. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company and William P. Dauchy, its Mortgagee. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 445. Jew Sing, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, District Direc-
tor, Immigration and Naturalization Service, San Francisco District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 457. Corn Products Refining Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted lim-
ited to questions 1 and 2 presented in the petition for certiorari which
read as follows:
"1. Are transactions in commodity futures which are not 'true
hedges' capital asset transactions and thus subject to the limitations of
Section 117 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939, or do the resulting
gains and losses from such transactions give rise to ordinary income
and ordinary deductions? (1940) (1942)
"2. Are commodity futures contracts 'securities' and thus subject
to the 'wash sales' provisions of Section 118 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1939? (1940) (1942)"
No. 71. Joseph W. Clark, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 89. William B. Stayback, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 100. J. Baker Bryan and Mary Evelyn Bryan, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 309. Vaughn H. Mitchell and Dorothy Mitchell, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 380. Cobra Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Harry J.
Coffman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
}

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
106
No. 413. Kinnear-Weed Corporation, petitioner, v. Humble Oil
and Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 420. Martin L. Dowell et al., petitioners, v. The City of Tulsa
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 423. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, a Dela-
ware Corporation, petitioner, v. Gateway Decorators, Inc., an Illi-
nois Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 425. Fanchon & Marco, Inc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 426. Adam, Meldrum & Anderson Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 428. H. A. Phillips, Trustee for the Douglass Sulphur Com-
pany, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Texas and New Orleans Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 430. Alleghany Corporation, Investors Syndicate of America,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. James Foundation of New York, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 431. Florence B. Moses, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 433. Thomas Constance, petitioner, v. Arthur J. Harvey,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Francis Thomas Reilly. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 434. Georgia Kaolin Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 435. Manson L. Reichert, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Leave to withdraw appearance of Winfield K. Denton,
Esquire, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 437. William Frank Monroe, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
·
1

2
MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
107
No. 438. Syble H. Behrends, petitioner, v. Lena Marie Waide and
Ray Waide. Petition for writ of certiori to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 440. The City of Dallas and Dallas Chamber of Commerce,
petitioners, v. Civil Aeronautics Board et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 441. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Lar Daly, Erick E.
Bergquist and Jay Seals, petitioners, v. William G. Stratton, Gover-
nor of Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 443. Blue Ridge Rural Electrical Cooperative, Inc., petitioner,
v. James Earl Byrd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 444. Arnaud's Restaurant, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Thomas
P. Cotter, Sr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 449. St. Regis Paper Company, petitioner, v. George A. Stuart.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 452. William Dudley Pelley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 453. Blanchard F. Robique and Theodore Kapsos, petitioners,
v. George A. Lambert, U. S. Director of Internal Revenue for the
State of Louisiana, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Walter L. Irvin, petitioner, v. L. F. Chapman, Superin-
tendent of Raiford State Penitentiary, Raiford, Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 456. Max Schmidt, petitioner, v. Albert Shell, Martha Shell,
Arthur G. Johnston, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeals of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 459. Anthony Lopiparo, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 461. Lawrence E. Gerosa (Substituted for Lazarus Joseph),
Comptroller of the City of New York, et al., petitioners, v. The United
Piece Dye Works. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York, New York County, denied.
No. 462. Halldora Kristin Sigurdson, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
108
No. 467. Charles Schiffman, petitioner, v. Fred T. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 469. Charles E. Daboll, Jr., and Operative Plasterers' and
Cement Masons' International Association, AFL, Local Union 797,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 491. Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Raymond C. Kifer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 442. Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, Pettis Perry, Claudia Jones, et
al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Motion to defer consid-
eration of petition denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 6. B. Clinton Watson, et ux., appellants, v. Employers Liabil-
ity Assurance Corporation, Ltd., et al.;
No. 258. Mrs. Aaron (Celia) Funk, petitioner, v. Seaboard Air
Line Railway Company;
No. 308. Walter Bitterling, petitioner, v. Maple Island Farm, Inc.;
No. 341. Walter Lee Hall, petitioner, v. John S. Battle, Governor
of the Commonwealth of Virginia, et al.;
No. 342. Grady Alexander, petitioner, v. The State of Texas;
No. 349. Mary Cooley Roy, petitioner, v. Leonard C. Roy, Sr.;
No. 351. Louisiana Public Service Commission et al., appellants, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 377. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee of the Estate of Christopher
Engineering Company, a Corporation, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v.
Ida Magidson, Executrix of the Estate of Phil Magidson, Deceased;
No. 398. John R. Lewis, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 121, Misc. Ex parte, William H. Jackson, petitioner; and
No. 153, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 149, Misc. Hardy J. Owens, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison
Custodian;
No. 168, Misc. Harold Rush Elder, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 192, Misc. Calman Cooper, Nathan Wissner, and Harry A.
Stein, petitioners, v. People of the State of New York;

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
109
No. 208, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden;
No. 210, Misc. Catherine L. Watson, petitioner, v. School District
of McKeesport, Pennsylvania;
No. 213, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 248, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Clarence Weismantel,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 34, Misc. William O'Leary, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 124, Misc. Carl E. Owens, petitioner, v. Morris A. Abram,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Mexico denied.
No. 133, Misc. Clifford G. Bailey, petitioner, v. Joseph R. Blalock,
Superintendent, Southwestern State Hospital, Marion, Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 227, Misc. C. H. Worley, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 256, Misc. Archie L. Hampton, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 257, Misc. Edward A. Ross, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 258, Misc. Mason McCoy, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 259, Misc. Robert Anderson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 261, Misc. Mrs. Charlotte Worley, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 262, Misc. Henry Hooper, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 263, Misc. Richard J. Bifield, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Fourth District, denied.
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
110
No. 265, Misc. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Daniel E. Bergan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 266, Misc. Carl Nickols, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 268, Misc. Alfred L. Demarios, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 271, Misc. Carter Caldwell, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 272, Misc. Thomas Kancar, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 274, Misc. Lawrence F. Greene, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 275, Misc. James Mason, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, de-
nied.
No. 277, Misc. Ernest Ollis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 278, Misc. Harrison Stewart, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 280, Misc. Bert Eugene Ferrell, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 281, Misc. Alberta C. Magner, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp
Hobby, Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 282, Misc. Booker W. Davidson, petitioner, v. J. D. Buckman,
Jr., Attorney General of Kentucky, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 283, Misc. Herman Howlery, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
1.
$1

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
111
No. 285, Misc. Rudolph Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 287, Misc. Thomas Kincheloe, petitioner, v. Fonzo Farmer.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 288, Misc. Lewis M. Horn, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 289, Misc. Oscar Woods, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 290, Misc. Gene Lee Louden, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 293, Misc. Ralph Quevreaux, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 295, Misc. Edward J. Bell, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 296, Misc. Gerald Byrne, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 300, Misc. James A. Meacham, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 304, Misc. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 321, Misc. Robert P. Kushnic, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 322, Misc. Tanneyhill J. Monroe, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department,
denied.
No. 324, Misc. Francis O'Halloran, petitioner, v. C. G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 325, Misc. Stanley Staniszewski, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
'
"
--

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
112
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 343, Misc. Herman Howlery, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 22, Misc. John Edward Crockard, petitioner, v. Department
of Corrections, State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied. Petition for other relief also
denied.
No. 264, Misc. Almon W. Brewer, petitioner, v. State of Michigan
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
also denied.
No. 310, Misc. Robert J. Koalska, petitioner, v. Edwin Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Minnesota denied. Appeal dismissed and petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 393, Misc. Arthur Bary, Anna Bary, and Lewis Martin John-
son, petitioners, v. United States of America. Application for reduc-
tion of bail referred to the entire Court by Mr. Justice Clark denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit also denied.
I
L
No. 254, Misc. Walter Love, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 298, Misc. Ronald L. Baxter, petitioner, v. Walter Tees,
Warden; and
No. 314, Misc. Donald H. Lilyroth, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
No. 301, Misc. Lou Henry Brimage, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari out
of time denied.
No. 267, Misc. Edward H. Bolesta, petitioner, v. Judge Sam J.
Perry et al.;
No. 269, Misc. Bernard Ephraim, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary;
No. 284, Misc. Ex parte in the Matter of William W. McCollum,
petitioner ;
No. 294, Misc. Troy Hall, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson, Warden,
etc., et al.;

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1955
113
No. 309, Misc. Burton F. Packer, petitioner, v. Captain James
Maroney, Warden, et al.;
No. 328, Misc. William Howard Dunn, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden; and
No. 330, Misc. Kenneth Eugene Shores, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 326, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Circuit Judge Waldo
C. Mayfield et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of manda-
mus denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, January 31,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, January 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 32,
45, and 55.
☑
'

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
114
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Paul Brandeis, of Philadelphia, Pa., Morton H. Gould, of Wash-
ington, D. C., Harold Henry Fuhrman, of Milwaukee, Wis., Lawrence
Gustav Wickert, of Milwaukee, Wis., Richard Barnard Dellheim,
of Boston, Mass., Frank Daniel Branca, of Boston, Mass., and Fred
Freedland, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Simon E. Sobeloff; Alvin R. Johanson, of Wheaton, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Warren E. Burger; Kurt W. Melchior, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. H. Brian Holland; Lloyd Caldwell Hutchinson, of
Indianapolis, Ind., Raymond O. Evans, of Crawfordsville, Ind., Frank
1. Oliver, of Kokomo, Ind., James L. Miller, of Indianapolis, Ind.,
and Carl M. Franceschini, of Fowler, Ind., on motion of Mr. William
E. Jenner; George Brinton Cavanagh, of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. John Marshall Butler; Frances Gemes Millican, of Atlanta,
Ga., Thomas Edwin Moran, of Atlanta, Ga., and John Wesley Weekes,
of Decatur, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis; Francis La Mar
Forshee, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig Hosmer ;
Scott Bruce Berkeley, of Goldsboro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Samuel
J. Ervin, Jr.; Robert Wright Wesley, of Macon, Ga., on motion of
Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; Walter H. Miller, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Thomas M. Tracey, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; L. William Graham, of
Gainesville, Fla., Wayne LaVerne Prim, of San Francisco, Calif.,
Mark Bigler Clark, of Pocatello, Idaho, Voy A. Winders, of Huron,
S. Dak., Robert H. Cobb, of Gaffney, S. C., Heber Grant Ivins, of
American Fork, Utah, Hugh E. Dobbs, of Ogden, Utah, Dallas F.
Young, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Robert L. Newey, of Ogden, Utah,
Robert B. Hansen, of Salt Lake City, Utah, George H. Searle, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, Carl T. Griffith, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and
Walter T. Stewart, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Albert
M. Kuhfeld; Aaron J. Racusin, of New York, N. Y., and Sydney R.
Racusin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herman Sternstein;
Raul G. Mendez, of San Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Philip F.
Herrick; Lionel Charles Epstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Stuart Edgar Gillespie, of Sherman, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Thomas L. Wrenn; Lackland H. Bloom, of St. Louis,
313093-55-31
L
·IN

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
115
Mo., on motion of Mr. Merrill Armour; John Stephan Nolan, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Robert N. Miller; William
Gordon Neese, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert H. Hare;
Woodruff Anderson Morey, of Harvey, Ill., on motion of Mr. Albert
Henry Kirchner; Stanley Goldman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Arden L. Andresen; Isidore S. Srebnick, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Myron Wiener; Dyer Justice Taylor, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Howard Cecil Kilpatrick; Earl R. Stanley,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Temple W. Seay; Walter H.
Schneider, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Ellis Spear Middle-
ton; George Gowen Parry, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Miss Beatrice Rosenberg; Hayden H. Dadd, of Attica, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Victor H. Kramer; and John W. Murphy, of St.
Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Carter Fort, were admitted to practice.
No. 29. The United States, petitioner, v. Koppers Company, Inc.,
Successor on Merger to Koppers United Company and Subsidiaries.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims; and
No. 41. Premier Oil Refining Company of Texas, petitioner, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment in No. 29 reversed.
and case remanded to the United States Court of Claims for proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment in No.
41 affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 36. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lee Shubert,
Jacob J. Shubert, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Burton, retaining the views expressed in his dissent in
the Toolson case, 346 U. S. 356, 357, joins the opinion and judgment of
the Court in this case. Mr. Justice Reed joins in this concurrence.
Mr. Justice Minton agrees with the judgment in this case because,
as it comes here on the pleadings, it is controlled by the Hart case.
Whether the Government can prove its case now to the satisfaction of
present courts, which it could not do in the Hart case, 12 F. 2d 341,
remains to be seen.
No. 53. United States of America, appellant, v. International Box-
ing Club of New York, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the District Court for further proceed-

1
MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
116
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Burton, retaining the views expressed in his dissent in
the Toolson case, 346 U. S. 356, 357, joins the opinion and judgment
of the Court in this case. Mr. Justice Reed joins in this concurrence.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Minton joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders appear upon the list certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 429. Carl Traxler, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C., § 1257 (2).
petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The
No. 439. John W. Tocco, appellant, v. United States of America
and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Oregon. Per Curiam: The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 460. Freeda Caroline Miller, also known as Freeda Miller, ap-
pellant, v. Public Service Company of Colorado et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Colorado; and
No. 464. Earl L. Stary et al., appellants, v. City of Brooklyn et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motions
to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question.
No. 473. Gulf Oil Corporation, appellant, v. Lazarus Joseph, as
Comptroller of the City of New York. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed.
No. 488. Anderson Brothers Corporation, appellant, v. Board of
Supervisors of Washington County, Mississippi. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly presented
federal question. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black would
dismiss for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 468. Robert Cecil Bell, petitioner, v. United States of America.
It is ordered that James R. Browning, Esquire, of Washington, D. C.,
a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for
the petitioner in this case.
No. 131. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorff, J. H. Sylvester, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al. The motion for
"P

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
117
leave to file brief of American Train Dispatcher's Ass'n. et al., as
amici curiae is granted. The Court calls this case to the attention of
the National Mediation Board and expresses its readiness to accept
any brief it might wish to submit.
No. 179. Cecil L. Courtney, Philip T. Ferris, and Ray Parks, pe-
titioners, v. Ty Lockett. The motion to substitute Floyd Schroeder as
party respondent in the place and stead of Ty Lockett is granted.
No. 204. Society for Savings in the City of Cleveland, appellant,
v. John W. Peck, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. The motion to substi-
tute Stanley J. Bowers as the party appellee in the place and stead
of John W. Peck is granted. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 230. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joyce Agency, Inc. The motion
of the Solicitor General to remove this case from the summary calen-
dar is granted.
No. 263. The United States of America and the Secretary of Com-
merce as Successor of the Chairman of the United States Maritime
Commission, petitioners, v. California Eastern Line, Inc. The motion
for leave to file brief of Estate of Robert I. Gale et al., as amici curiae
is denied.
No. 549. Michael Nukk, Frank Borich, Joseph Siminoff, et al.,
appellants, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Third
District of the Immigration and Naturalization Service of the Port
of New York. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 399. Samuel Derecktor, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
granted.
No. 470. Althea G. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 109. Irvin B. Bewley, Mrs. Helen Witchell, and Elmer Sanders,
petitioners, v. John Henderson. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 458. Doris Perez et al., petitioners, v. Alice Trifiletti et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
N

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
118
No. 471. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. City of Lincoln, Ne-
braska, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Nebraska denied.
No. 474. Caltex (Philippines), Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 475. R. W. Ford, D. B. Cole, and B. F. Conaghan, petitioners,
v. Hughes Tool Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 476. Rosa Griffin, Administratrix of the Estate of George
Griffin, Sr., Deceased, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 480. J. Elroy McCaw and John D. Keating, petitioners, v. Earl
W. Fase, The Tax Commissioner of the Territory of Hawaii. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 481. J. Elroy McCaw and John D. Keating, petitioners, v. Earl
W. Fase, The Tax Commissioner of the Territory of Hawaii. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 482. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. John Crowley, Charles Kern and Richard T. Criche. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 483. Daniel Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v. Empresas
Hondurenas, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 484. Seymour Sales Company et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 485. Perry Halseth, Individually and Trading as Perry Sales
Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 486. La Veda Noonan, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 487. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. Cordelia Pearl
Williams, Successor in Interest to Paul S. Williams, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
313093-55-32
Nur

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
119
No. 490. Lee Kwok Dun, by his next friend, Lee You Poy, peti-
tioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 492. Brown Land & Royalty Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Hattie C.
Pickett et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 493. Leon R. Meyer, Lucile H. Meyer, and Leon R. Meyer,
Transferee of Meyer Jewelry Company, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 496. Minne M. Guyer, petitioner, v. Carol E. Elger, Adminis-
tratrix of the Estate of George Elger, Deceased. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 510. W. H. Wilson, Executor of the Estate of Birdine Fletcher,
Deceased, and Sisters of St. Francis, a Corporation, petitioners, v.
A. J. Simler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 236. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nel-
son. Petition for rehearing on the order as to printing of the record
denied. Petitioner's motion to include in the printed record addi-
tional portions of the trial proceedings granted.
No. 278. Ralph L. Born, petitioner, v. R. J. Laube, Administrator
of the Estate of George Cease, Deceased, et al. Motion for leave to
file petition for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 18. David Friedberg, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 37. Marion L. Holland and Ethel E. Holland, petitioners, v.
United States of America;
No. 121. L. L. Moore, petitioner, v. Mead's Fine Bread Company,
a Corporation;
No. 329. Thomas Rigging Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board;
No. 395. Mrs. Nellie Goins Hall, Widow of James Oscar Hall,
Deceased, petitioner, v. First National Bank of Atlanta, Executor
of the Estate of James Oscar Hall;
No. 403. Thomas Eistrat, petitioner, v. Brush Industrial Lumber
Company and John A. Brush;
No. 56, Misc. Herbert Mezo, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 177, Misc. Allen Dixon, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
120
No. 212, Misc. William Edward Fudge, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California; and
No. 273, Misc. Louis M. Suttles, Chastine Beverly, and James L.
Riggins, petitioners, v. Colonel James W. Davis, Commandant, etc.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 250, Misc. Boyce M. Addington, appellant, v. State of Tennes-
see. Motion to modify the order entered in this case on December 6,
1954, granted and the order is modified so as to read as follows:
"Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Insofar as
the papers whereon the appeal was taken seek review of rulings of
the court below upon questions of the asserted denial of rights under
the Federal Constitution which by themselves would not be subject
to review by appeal, the papers are treated as a petition for writ
of certiorari (28 U. S. C. § 2103), and certiorari is denied."
No. 83, Misc. William Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 331, Misc. Harry Feldon, petitioner, v. Dr. Marion R. King,
Superintendent, California Medical Facility. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 334, Misc. Harry L. Cumberland, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 337, Misc. Henry Berman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois denied.
No. 338, Misc. Leonard Palmore, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 339, Misc. Woodrow Nor Woods, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 342, Misc. Harry James Flynn, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 344, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
3
'

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
121
No. 346, Misc. Paul J. Peltier, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 349, Misc. A. B. Farmer, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 352, Misc. Raymond E. Hall, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 354, Misc. LeRoy Nash, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 355, Misc. Hilla B. Darden, petitioner, v. State of Texas et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 356, Misc. Robert V. Longley, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 357, Misc. Donald Castle Schwartz, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 358, Misc. In the Matter of Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 360, Misc. Robert Hendrickson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 361, Misc. Herman Howlery, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 362, Misc. Wilfred Keys, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 365, Misc. Thomas E. Watkins, Jr., petitioner, v. State of
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 367, Misc. George Lewis Moore, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 368, Misc. Renoto J. Lolli, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1955
122
No. 369, Misc. Stanley Seltenrich, petitioner, v. Maurice H. Sigler,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 394, Misc. Herman Nash, petitioner, v. The City of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
and the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First
Department, denied.
No. 217, Misc. Nicholas Medich, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 341, Misc. Bernard Ephraim, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 345, Misc. Jesse Baley, petitioner, v. Morris Abram, Warden.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 348, Misc. Sylvester R. Winston, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Application denied.
No. 350, Misc. Clarence E. Finnie, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 353, Misc. Lewis William Warren, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Northern District of Texas; and
No. 363, Misc. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. Walter V. Schaefer
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
denied.
John Joseph Uckele, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
No. 32. State of California on relation of Edmund G. Brown,
Attorney General, et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis Union Trust Com-
pany, a Corporation Organized Under the Laws of the State of Mis-
souri. Argued by Mr. Walter H. Miller for the petitioners and by
Mr. Milton Yawitz for the respondent. Memorandum to come from
respondent.
No. 45. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Colorado Inter-
state Gas Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Warren E. Burger for the petitioner and by Mr. James Lawrence
White for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 55,
250, 164, 69, and 251.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1955
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Malcolm Mecartney, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Chauncey
W. Reed; Edward J. Behrens, of Malvern, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Charles H. Lawson; Oscar Shalom Gray, of Hagerstown, Md., ou mo-
tion of Mr. Stanley D. Metzger; Conrad Anthony Falvello, of Hazle-
ton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hayden C. Covington; Daniel G. Buck-
ley, of Rockville Center, N. Y., on motion of Mr. C. George Anastos;
Albert Vickers Bryan, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., and Neville G. Hall,
Jr., of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Howard Worth Smith, Jr.;
and Lewis Ansbacher, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Harvey
Rosenberg, were admitted to practice.
No. 55. Indiana Department of State Revenue, Gross Income Tax
Division, State of Indiana, petitioner, v. Mark E. Nebeker. Argued
by Mr. Lloyd C. Hutchinson for the petitioner and by Mr. Raymond
O. Evans for the respondent.
No. 250. Anthony Tony Sicurella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner
and by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 164. Philip Andrew Witmer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner
and by Mr. Julius F. Bishop for the respondent.
No. 69. Joe Valdez Gonzales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
69, 251, 97, and 203.
313093-55-33

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1955
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ezra F. Ressman, of Chicago, Ill., and Mortimer M. Levin, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John F. Davis; Don S. Caplinger, of
Harrisburg, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. C. Gathings; Keith Eales,
of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert Rees; Richard
Clarke Ashby, of Chillicothe, Mo., Austin J. Gerber, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Martin S. Drucker, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Morton S. Jaffe; Hamilton Hicks, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Donald Edward Van Koughnet; Ruth Mae Box-
dorfer, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Robert A. Roessel; Oscar
W. Gray, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Daniel O. Omer;
Leon M. Frazier, of Provo, Utah, on motion of Mr. Perry H. Burn-
ham; Harry Sena, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Irwin
Geiger; Warner Moore, of Wichita, Kans., and Dale M. Stucky, of
Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Howard R. Fatzer: Williard S.
Johnston, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arthur B. Han-
son, and Benjamin Rubenstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. David E. Feller, were admitted to practice.
No. 69. Joe Valdez Gonzales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the peti-
tioner and concluded by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
Memoranda to come.
No. 251. Robert Simmons, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner and by Mr.
Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
No. 97. Lloyd Weber, Russell Davis, Walter Patrick, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Robert A. Roessel for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Mark D.
Eagleton for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos.
97, 203, 261, and 179.
Х
313093-55- -34
Than
A

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1955
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
'
QN
7
Adlai E. Stevenson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P.
Chandler; Mervin C. Pollak, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Victor H. Kramer; Marvin Comisky, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Milton V. Freeman; Louis Hoffman, of St. Thomas, V. I., on
motion of Mr. Abe Fortas; Raymond C. Hitzel, of Roslyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Vincent J. Cuti; and Ansel F. Luxford, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and John W. Pehle, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Randolph E. Paul, were admitted to practice.
No. 97. Lloyd Weber, Russell Davis, Walter Patrick, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Mark
D. Eagleton for the respondent and concluded by Mr. David E. Feller.
for the Congress of Industrial Organizations as amicus curiae.
No. 203. Frank Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Walter E. Gallagher for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. Argument commenced by Mr. Abe Fortas for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold, as amicus curiae
by invitation of the Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 261,
179, and 230.
Х
313093-55--35
4

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1955
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Robert Ephraim Yount, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Clar-
ence Clifton Young; Irving D. Levin, of Chicago, Ill., and Irving
M. Greenfield, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler;
Wyatt C. Brownlee, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Will Sha-
froth; Fred M. Vinson, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
F. Elwood Davis; Joseph Bernard Axelman, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Burton F. Ellis; Charles Yeatman Latimer, of Fort
Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Edward M. English; George Martin
Sus, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Victor Matthew Theis; Robert
A. Sprecher, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Stanford Clinton;
William E. Reinhardt, of Ridgewood, N. J., on motion of Mr. Philip
Elman; Louis O. Gravely, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr.
James R. Golden; Milton R. Henry, of Pontiac, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Bedford Vance Lawson, Jr.; and Walter E. Beckjord, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Karl H. Michelet, were admitted to
practice.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. Argument continued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold
as amicus curiae by invitation of the Court and concluded by Mr. Abe
Fortas for the petitioner. No brief for the respondent.
No. 179. Cecil L. Courtney, Philip T. Ferris, and Ray Parks, peti-
tioners, v. Floyd Schroeder. Argued by Mr. Payne H. Ratner for the
petitioners and by Mr. Dale M. Stucky for the respondent.
No. 230. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joyce Agency, Inc. Argued on
suggestion of mootness and motion to join or substitute Goldblatt
Bros., Inc., as a party by Mr. Stanford Clinton for the respondent
and by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, February 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos. 230,
159, 80, and 125.
✓
313093-55--36
20

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Robert E. Andrews, of Gainesville, Ga., and Frank B. Stow, of
Gainesville, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobe-
loff; William J. Kane, of Reno, Nev., and W. T. Mathews, of Carson
City, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Lyle Edwin Cook, of Berke-
ley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; John J. McGrath, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. John J. McGrath; Elridge Carper
Huffman, of New Castle, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler;
D. William Overton, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Errett
P. Scrivner; Lawrence Osterman, of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Ralph H. Dwan; George Gordon Burroughs, of Edwardsville, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Fred P. Schuman; James F. Haning, of Wewoka,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Edmond A. Edmondson, Jr.; John Wise
Scott, of Joplin, Mo., on motion of Mr. Newell Blair; John Marberger
Stuart, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Francis H. Caskin III;
Harold P. Green, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole;
August F. Brandt, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Monroe Kara-
sik; Richard J. Schoenfeld, Jr., of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Edward A. Martin; Sidney E. Cohn, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Henry Kaiser; Franklin Poul, of Havertown, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Francis T. Anderson; Richard B. Montgomery, of New Or-
leans, La., on motion of Mr. John L. Ingoldsby, Jr.; Edwin C. Aikens,
of Jackson, Miss., Anthony Ortega, Jr., of New Orleans, La., George
W. Smith, Jr., of Gainesville, Ga., George H. Montemayor, of Janes-
ville, Wis., James E. Dotson, of Jefferson City, Mo., Marvin R.
Vaughan, of Freeport, N. Y., Hugh J. Lacey, Jr., of Holyoke, Mass.,
William M. Burch II, of Pleasant Ridge, Mich., Jonathan David
Hyams, of Detroit, Mich., Raphael J. Hogan, of Corning, Iowa,
Charles Francis Gibson, of Canton, Mass., Edward L. Rutherford, of
Nashville, Tenn., Edgar Perry Farnell, of Stonington, Conn., and
Jerome Cooper Neveleff, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 14. United States of America, petitioner, v. Guy W. Capps,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
313093-55-37

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
128
for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 43. The Tee-Hit-Ton Indians, an Identifiable Group of Alaska
Indians, petitioner, v. The United States. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims. Judgment of Court of Claims
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 32. State of California on Relation of Edmund G. Brown,
Attorney General, et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis Union Trust Com-
pany, a Corporation Organized Under the Laws of the State of Mis-
souri. On writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals of
Missouri. Per Curiam: The writ of certiorari is dismissed as improv-
idently granted.
No. 55. Indiana Department of State Revenue, Gross Income Tax
Division, State of Indiana, petitioner, v. Mark E. Nebeker. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana. Per Curiam:
Affirmed on the authority of Freeman v. Hewit, 329 U. S. 249. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 179. Cecil L. Courtney, Philip T. Ferris, and Ray Parks, peti-
tioners, v. Floyd Schroeder. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas. Per Curiam: The judgment is reversed and the
case is remanded for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court in In re Oliver, 333 U. S. 257.
No. 385. Mary I. Daniman, Meyer Case, Louis Cohen, et al., appel-
lants, v. The Board of Education of the City of New York et al. Ap-
peal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a properly presented federal question. Mr. Justice Black would hold
this case for the decision in No. 466, Slochower v. Board of Education
of the City of New York.
No. 489. Dr. Carroll K. Davis, appellant, v. The Board of Regents
of the University of the State of New York. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of New York, Albany County. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
properly presented federal question. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas dissent.
No. 31, Misc. Richard Willard Kay, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
129
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certio-
rari are granted. Upon consideration of the Government's confession
of error and examination of the record the judgment of the Court of
Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court for
hearing on petitioner's motion to vacate the judgment.
No. 302, Misc. William Shamery, appellant, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per Cur-
iam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C.
§ 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari as required by 28 U. S. C. § 2103, cer-
tiorari is denied.
No. 312, Misc. Chester Merrifield, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. 28 U. S. C. § 1257 (2). Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certio-
rari as required by 28 U. S. C. § 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 327, Misc. William Sentner, Dorothy Rose Forest, Robert
Manewitz, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted.
The order of the Court of Appeals insofar as it denies petitioners
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is reversed and the case is remanded
to that Court for further proceedings. Adkins v. DuPont Co., 335
U. S. 331.
No. 406. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes Brothers Steamship
Co., Inc. The motion for leave to file brief of American Merchant
Marine Institute as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 466. Harry Slochower, appellant, v. The Board of Higher
Education of the City of New York. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 504. United States, petitioner, v. Anderson, Clayton & Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 226, Misc. John Michel, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted and
case transferred to the appellate docket.
1
1
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
130
No. 190. The Babcock & Wilcox Company, petitioner, v. Rea For-
han Pedrick, as Administratrix of the Estate of William J. Pedrick,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 495. Central Mine Equipment Company, petitioner, v. The
Bowdil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 497. Robert E. Glasscott, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 539. J. Rupert Mason, petitioner, v. Summer Lake Irrigation
District and Pueblo Trading Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 523. United Insurance Company of Chicago, Illinois, a Cor-
poration, Charles Joseph, et al., petitioners, v. John R. Maloney, In-
dividually and as Insurance Commissioner of the State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 473, October Term, 1953. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du-
Ban, Individually and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du-
Ban, Deceased, petitioners, v. Butcher and Sherrerd and Fidelity-
Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee. Motion for leave to file a
third petition for rehearing denied.
No. 672, October Term, 1953. Ivan N. Fraver, petitioner, v. The
Studebaker Corporation. Motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 402, Misc., October Term, 1953. Edward Powell, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 165, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 227, Misc. C. H. Worley, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al.; and
No. 261, Misc. Mrs. Charlotte Worley, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Rehearing denied.
No. 60, Misc. Robert L. Randall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
131
No. 98, Misc. Bradley McElhaney, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 182, Misc. Leonard J. Baldwin, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 247, Misc. John Maulding, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis and H. E.
Moore, General Manager and Warden, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 255, Misc. Andrew Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 260, Misc. Willard Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 279, Misc. Fred Allen, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 297, Misc. Harold Green, petitioner, v. State of Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 303, Misc. David W. Edgerly, petitioner, v. Martin H. Ken-
nelly et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 305, Misc. W. H. Buckingham, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 317, Misc. Edward Brown, petitioner, v. Dr. Frederick S.
Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia County Prison, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 318, Misc. Lawrence A. Markham, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 347, Misc. Sarah A. O'Leary, Administratrix, petitioner, v.
United States Lines Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 299, Misc. Leverett Blackwell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
บ

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1955
ORDER
132
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 14, until Mon-
day, February 28, next.
No. 230. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joyce Agency, Inc. Argument
on suggestion of mootness and motion to join or substitute Gold-
blatt Bros., Inc., as a party continued by Miss Bessie Margolin for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Stanford Clinton for the re-
spondent. Argued on the merits by Miss Bessie Margolin for the
petitioner and by Mr. Stanford Clinton for the respondent.
No. 159. United States of America, appellant, v. Ernest King
Bramblett. Argued by Mr. Charles F. Barber for the appellant
and by Mr. Edward Bennett Williams for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos. 80,
125, 150, and 153.
☑
1
1
1
1

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1955
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
James Weldon Buckner, of Murfreesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Charles J. Zinn; Roy H. Steyer, of New York, N. Y., John Roberts
Miller, of New York, N. Y., John F. Arning, of New York, N. Y.,
Robert Lockwood, of New York, N. Y., Robert MacCrate, of New
York, N. Y., and Marvin Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Arthur H. Dean; Lyle McLean Ward, of Salt Lake City, Utah,
on motion of Mr. Arthur V. Watkins; Howard S. Whiteside, of Bos-
ton, Mass., on motion of Mr. John T. Sapienza; Edward Wingate
Mullinix, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Earl G. Harrison;
Frank Hilliard Love, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joel
David Wolfsohn; Saul Friedberg, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Louis Nizer; and L. Pat McGrath, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Joseph
H. Ridge, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Peter F. Flaherty, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
and James F. Smith, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. John J.
McGrath, were admitted to practice.
No. 80. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Rhodes Pharma-
cal Company, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the
petitioner and by Mr. Edward Brodkey for the respondents.
No. 125. Wayne Harsh, petitioner, v. Illinois Terminal Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Morris B. Chapman for the petitioner and
by Mr. Fred P. Schuman and Mr. Harold G. Talley for the re-
spondent.
No. 150. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner, v. Harold E. Talbott, Secretary of the United States Air Force.
Argument commenced by Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
150, 153, 163, and 213.
1
1
313093-55-38

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1955
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Elias W. Spengler, of Bath, Pa., and Alfred M. Nittle, of East
Bangor, Pa., on motion of Mr. Francis E. Walter; Milton W. Swett,
Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., Arthur L. Fuller, Jr., of Newnan, Ga., Her-
bert A. Turk, of Oklahoma City, Okla., and Herman C. Estes, of
Camas, Wash., on motion of Mr. Perry H. Burnham; Andrew R.
Martinez, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Odell Kominers;
Henry A. Carrington, of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. John J.
O'Keefe; and Raymond H. Kierr, of New Orleans, La., and Samuel
C. Gainsburgh, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. John C. Ris-
tine, were admitted to practice.
No. 150. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner, v. Harold E. Talbott, Secretary of the United States Air
Force. Argument continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 153. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Drexel and Company. Argued by Mr. William H. Timbers for the
petitioners and by Mr. Arthur H. Dean for the respondent.
No. 163. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, Co-Partners Trad-
ing as Independent Poster Exchange, petitioners, v. National Screen
Service Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Francis
Anderson for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Louis Nizer for
the respondent, National Screen Service Corp.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
163, 213, 263, and 131.
✓
313093-55- -39
+
1974

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1955
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
1
J. Greene M. Robinson, of Ashland, Ky., on motion of Mr. Fred M.
Vinson, Jr.; Leonard McClelland Shinn, of Topeka, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Anthony Thomas Dealy; John Alfred Ackerman, of New-
ark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Saul J. Zucker; William E. Wright, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Andrew R. Martinez; and Robert
W. P. Holstrom, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Miss Dorothea Anna
Baker, were admitted to practice.
No. 163. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, Co-Partners Trad-
ing as Independent Poster Exchange, petitioners, v. National Screen
Service Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr. Louis Nizer
for the respondent, National Screen Service Corp., and Mr. Earl G.
Harrison for respondents, Columbia Pictures Corporation et al. and
concluded by Mr. Francis Anderson for the petitioners.
No. 213. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Richard B. Montgomery
for the petitioners and by Mr. Lester S. Jayson for the respondent.
No. 263. The United States of America and the Secretary of Com-
merce as Successor of the Chairman of the United States Maritime
Commission, petitioners, v. California Eastern Line, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the petitioners and by Mr. Harold B. Finn
for the respondent.
No. 131. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorff, J. H. Sylvester, et al.,
petitioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Milton Kramer for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos. 131
and 406.
Х
1
313093-55– -40

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1955
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John E. McKelvey, of Electra, Texas, on motion of Mr. Frank
Ikard; Wendell Tennis, of Sullivan, Ind., on motion of Mr. Will
Shafroth; Ellsworth Timms Horsley, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr.; and Edwin Monroe Stanley, of Greens-
boro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Lesh, were admitted to
practice.
No. 131. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorff, J. H. Sylvester, et al.,
petitioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Milton Kramer for the petitioners and by Mr.
Walter J. Cummings, Jr., for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
Milton Kramer for the petitioner.
No. 406. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes Brothers Steamship
Co., Inc. Argued by Mr. Raymond H. Kierr for the petitioner and
by Mr. Andrew R. Martinez for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
313093-55--41

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1955
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Isaac Kramer, of New York, N. Y., Joseph M. Herman, of New
York, N. Y., Arthur Berliner, of New York, N. Y., and Max E.
Schneider, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Simon E. Sobeloff; William B. Northrop, of New York, N. Y., Nelson
Underwood, of New York, N. Y., Harry D. Guthrie, of New York,
N. Y., and Samuel Nakasian, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
William P. Rogers; John D. Eldridge, of Augusta, Ark., on motion
of Mr. Wilbur D. Mills; William Pitt Shattuck, of Wheaton, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Chauncey W. Reed; Joseph M. Sweeney, of Alex-
andria, Va., on motion of Mr. Adrian S. Fisher; James H. Rice, Jr.,
of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Frank Carleton
Mueller, Jr., of Seattle, Wash., Samuel M. Thomasson, Jr., of DeKalb,
Miss., Leroy G. Cooper, of Shawnee, Okla., Fielding H. Ficklen, of
Spokane, Wash., Hammitt E. Porter, of Spokane, Wash., George S.
Vasil, of Spokane, Wash., Samuel Mandel, of Philadelphia, Pa., Frank
M. Martin, of Spokane, Wash., and Warren W. Connor, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Willis M.
McKeon of Malta, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalfe; R. G.
deQuevedo, of Washington, D. C., and Lyman Guettel Friedman, of
Pittsburg, Kans., on motion of Mr. William E. Leahy; William O.
Shank, of Hamilton, Ohio, and Albert L. Coles, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Joe Stamper, of Antlers, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Peyton Ford; C. William Turner, of Washington,
D. C., and John R. Swindler, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Charles P. Swindler; Clarence M. Pierson, of Lincoln, Nebr., on
motion of Mr. C. Petrus Peterson; Walter E. Joyce, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Jasper S. Costa; Windle Francis Jarvis, of
Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Charles B. Murray; Mabel
D. Haden, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George M. John-
son; Frank M. Lario, of Camden, N. J., on motion of Mr. Filindo B.
Masino; Samuel B. Burnham, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Sam Clammer; Charles L. Jones II, of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Gray Thoron; Paul Pugh, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Roscoe Rizley, and Robert M. Peers, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nestor Shea Foley, were admitted to practice.
313093-55-42
1:
5
1
Na

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1955
138
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 80. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Rhodes Pharma-
cal Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The Court
finds that the order of the Commission is not ambiguous. The judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals, insofar as it modified paragraph 1 (c)
of the Commission's order is reversed and the case is remanded to that
court with instructions to restore the order of the Commission.
No. 125. Wayne Harsh, petitioner, v. Illinois Terminal Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
Per Curiam: Judgment reversed. Lavender v. Kurn, 327 U. S. 645.
No. 508. Southern Bakers Association, Inc., and Atlanta Baking
Company, Inc., appellants, v. United States of America and Interstate
Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Per Curiam: The judg-
ment is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court with
directions to dismiss the petition for review upon the ground that the
cause is moot.
No. 191. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
Panoma Corporation and the Corporation Commission of the State
of Oklahoma; and
No. 321. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
The Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al. The
motions to strike the brief of the appellant are denied.
No. 301. Engine Air Service, Inc., Lawrence A. Hauft, Lena P.
Hauft, et al., petitioners, v. Israel G. Halpert, Trustee in Bankruptcy
of the Carburetor Corporation, Bankrupt. The motion to postpone
the argument in this case is granted.
No. 477. The Liquid Carbonic Corporation, appellant, v. United
States of America. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of New York. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion noted and case transferred to the summary calendar. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 479. Bernard B. Kanischer, petitioner, v. Irwin Operating Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1955
139
No. 494. Rouben Goldman and Sylvia Goldman, petitioners, v.
John M. Fogarty, Guardian ad Litem. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Probate Court of Essex County, Massachusetts, denied.
No. 498. Estate of Louis Goldstein, Ida Goldstein and Arnold
Goldstein, Executrix and Executor, petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 499. The United States, petitioner, v. General Motors Corpora-
tion, Frigidaire Division; and
No. 511. General Motors Corporation, Frigidaire Division, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 500. James J. Gearon, Mary E. Gearon, and Mary E. Gearon,
as Executrix of the Estate of Edward Gearon, Deceased, petitioners,
Wa The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 503. United States Lines Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 505. Arthur D. Bartron and Anna Katherine Bartron and
Nicholas or Nick Ronca, petitioners, v. Delaware River Joint Toll
Bridge Commission, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 509. Mary A. Marsman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 515. The Boston Metals Company, petitioner, v. Compania de
Astral, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 516. Lennie Kane, Administratrix of the Estate of Charles
Kane, Deceased, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 517. J. E. McCatron et al., Co-Partners, d/b/a Price Valley
Lumber Co., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 531. Fialer's Limousines, Inc., and Airline Ground Trans-
portation Association, Inc., petitioners, v. Public Utilities Commis-
sion of the State of California et al., etc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
1:
"
.
''

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1955
140
No. 520. Ring Lardner, petitioner, v. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 158, Misc. Emery Lee Downs, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Third Appellate District, denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 204, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Clara L. Heil-
man for a Writ of Habeas Corpus for Jack Arthur Heilman, Her In-
fant Son, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 307, Misc. Robert Marshall, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 311, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Roger Touhy, pe-
titioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 313, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Roger Touhy, pe-
titioner, v. William W. Kipp, Sr., United States Marshal, etc., et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 316, Misc. State of Colorado, petitioner, v. William Lee Knous,
Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition or
mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, February 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos. 199,
114, 246, and 50.
✓
1. 1
$

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Mary L. McDowell, of Bradford, Pa., Leslie Earl Dixon, of Baton
Rouge, La., Stuart Rothman, of St. Paul, Minn., Eugene M. Fein-
blatt, of Baltimore, Md., and Theodore Rognald Dankmeyer, of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
Bernard Wolfman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Samuel
H. Levy; Willis King Batchelet, of Angola, Ind., on motion of
Mr. E. Ross Adair; Hugo B. Rutili, of Chicago, Ill., and Donald
J. Rizzio, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Walter
Reed Gage, Jr., of Manhattan, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F.
Schoeppel; S. Arthur Schnitzer, of Jersey City, N. J., Frank E.
Moss, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Clarence C. Neslen, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, George Hal Taylor, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Clark
Denney, of Cleveland, Ohio, Carl Arthur Hulbert, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, Reese C. Anderson, of Salt Lake City, Utah, David Keith
Watkiss, of Salt Lake City, Utah, J. Elmer Banks, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, Morton N. Wekstein, of Yonkers, N. Y., Albert H.
Kritzer, of Oceanside, N. Y., Bertram M. Winkler, of New York,
N. Y., Amos B. Sharretts, of Garden City, N. Y., John F. Mooney,
of New York, N. Y., Alfred A. Winograd, of New York, N. Y.,
John D. D'Apice, of Yonkers, N. Y., Abram Steinberg, of Suffern,
N. Y., William J. Horner, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla., George Coggill,
of New York, N. Y., Dudley J. Clapp, Jr., of Garden City, N. Y.,
Russell S. Knapp, of New York, N. Y., Milton Seaman, of New York,
N. Y., Joseph Nass, of New York, N. Y., Seymour K. Ackerman, of
New York, N. Y., and William C. Bauer, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; William J. Walker, of
Little Rock, Ark., Harold G. Kennedy, of Marble Falls, Tex.,
Richard G. Strong, of San Antonio, Tex., Maxwell Higginbotham,
of San Antonio, Tex., Thomas J. Gibson III, of Austin, Tex., Joseph
P. Witherspoon, of Austin, Tex., Andrew V. Allison, of San Antonio,
Tex., and Joseph Dudley Kidwell, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee; Reginald C. Smith, of River-
head, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Dominick Blasi; Angelo Joe Piranio,
of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Angelo Piranio; Raymond D.
Sharp, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Miss Virginia Brennan; Edward
M. Jaffa, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Melville Ehrlich;
313093-55-43
1
A

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
142
John Henry Baumgarten, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Eugene M. Caffey; Arthur Alan Reich, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Robert I. Rudolph; Allen Byron Clark, of Little Rock, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. George E. Mickel; E. Cage Brewer, Jr., of Clarks-
dale, Miss., on motion of Mr. Eugene T. Liipfert; Edwin Wright
Cooney, of New York, N. Y., and Dinsmore Adams, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. John W. Pehle; Bernard L. Goodman, of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Jerome J. Dick; John S. Roberts, Jr.,
of Newport News, Va., on motion of Mr. Elgood Edward Stephens;
Ralph Stickle, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Paul R. Harmel;
Robert Miller Thorniley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. P.
Michael Cook; Ernest G. Bender, of Jackson Heights, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Vernon V. Baker; Jacob Friedberg, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher; Walter L. Nixon, Jr.,
of Biloxi, Miss., and Claude F. Pittman, Jr., of Hattiesburg, Miss.,
on motion of Mr. James W. Cassedy, Jr.; and Harry E. Sprogell, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Richard Randall Lyman, were
admitted to practice.
No. 406. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes Brothers Steamship
Co., Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Louisiana for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Reed concurs in the result on the ground of the negligence
of the ship's officers.
No. 153. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Drexel
and Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Burton joins.
No. 7. Wilburn Boat Company et al., petitioners, v. Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments of the Court of Ap-
peals and the District Court reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
for a trial under appropriate state law. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in the result.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton
joins.
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
The Chief Justice said:
143
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 230. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Joyce Agency, Inc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
reversed. Kirschbaum v. Walling, 316 U. S. 517; Walling v. Jack-
sonville Paper Co., 317 U. S. 564; Phillips Co. v. Walling, 324 U. S.
490. The judgment of the District Court is affirmed, and the case
is remanded to the District Court. The motion of the petitioner to
make Goldblatt Bros., Inc., a party in this Court is denied without
prejudice to the right of the petitioner to renew said motion in the
District Court, or to take such other proceedings for enforcement of
the judgment as the petitioner may deem advisable and proper in the
circumstances. See Walling v. Reuter, Inc., 321 U. S. 671.
No. 518. Aircooled Motors, Inc., appellant, v. Arthur F. Williams.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 530. LeRoy Smalls, Charles Bright, and Eva G. Mitchel, Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of Benjamin Mitchel, Deceased, petitioners,
v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton,
and Mr. Justice Minton dissent.
No. 532. In re George Anastaplo, appellant. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Illinois. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. The report of the Special Master dated January 31,
1955, is received and ordered filed. Exceptions, if any, to the report
of the Special Master may be filed by the parties within 60 days.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The motion of California defendants for leave to file an
amended answer is granted. The motion to join as parties, the States
of Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming is hereby referred to
George I. Haight, Special Master, to hear the parties and report
with all convenient speed his opinion and recommendation as to
whether the motion should be granted. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
M
'

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
144
No. 16. Silesian Holding Company et al., petitioners, v. Union
Bank of Switzerland et al.; and
No. 17. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
Union Bank of Switzerland et al. The motion to defer consideration
of the petitions for certiorari until October 1, 1955 is granted.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. The motion for leave to file brief of Ameri-
can Merchant Marine Institute, Inc., as amicus curiae is denied. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would grant leave to file.
The motion of the Government for leave to appear and present oral
argument as amicus curiae is granted and one-half hour is allowed.
for that purpose.
No. 173. Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Richman Brothers Company. The motion of the
Government for leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus
curiae is granted and one-half hour is allowed for that purpose.
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.;
and
No. 185. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Mac Q.
Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma. The motion
for leave to file brief of Pennsylvania Optical Co., as amicus curiae
is denied.
No. 236. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nel-
son. The motion of the State of New Hampshire for leave to appear
and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted. The United
States, having heretofore been requested to file a brief, is invited to
argue orally.
No. 512. S. Howes Company, Inc., appellant, v. W. P. Milling
Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 436. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Mobile
Gas Service Corporation and Federal Power Commission; and
No. 556. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 529. W. W. Neese, Administrator of the Estate of William
Neese, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
145
No. 396, Misc. Clifton Alton Poret and Edgar Labat, petitioners,
v. State of Louisiana. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
granted. The case is transferred to the appellate docket and assigned
for argument immediately following No. 579.
No. 506. Thomas Alfred Tamblyn, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 507. Davis Airfoils, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 514. Central States Corporation, petitioner, v. Frank Luther,
Trustee of the Estate of Garden Grain and Seed Company, Inc.,
Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 519. Alfred J. Ackerman, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 524. Arthur T. Galt, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 527. Hazel Anna Wolf, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 533. Arthur Waitus, petitioner, v. State of South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 535. Lee B. Schumacher, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 537. United States, ex Relator, Gladys Keefe, petitioner, v.
John Foster Dulles, Secretary of State, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 540. The Dixie Terminal Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 541. Daniel Boscawen Vincent, Food Processes, Inc., and Dan
B. Vincent, Inc., petitioners, v. Suni-Citrus Products Company and
313093-55- _44

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
146
Minute Maid Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 542. Fidelity & Casualty Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Bank of Altenburg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 545. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Trans-
vision, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 546. Lou Johnson Co., Inc., Meier & Frank Co., Inc., Admiral
Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Moist Cold Refrigerator Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 547. Traders and General Insurance Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. A. N. Edwards and H. E. Turpin. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 550. James F. Fogarty et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian
and Robert G. Butcher, as Trustees of Central States Electric Cor-
poration; and
No. 551. Harry J. Pasternak, as Executor of the Estate of Ralph
Jonas, Deceased, petitioner, v. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher,
as Trustees of Central States Electric Corporation. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 553. Pearl Archer and Joseph Archer, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 557. Percy McIntire, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 568. Wayne S. Marteney, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 380. Cobra Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Harry J.
Coffman;
No. 442. Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, Pettis Perry, Claudia Jones, et al.
petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 462. Halldora Kristin Sigurdson, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon
et al.;
No. 471. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. City of Lincoln, Ne-
braska, et al.;
en

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
147
No. 492. Brown Land & Royalty Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Hattie C.
Pickett et al.; and
No. 360, Misc. Robert Hendrickson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 332, Misc. Edward L. Bradley, petitioner, v. Howard Uni-
versity et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 351, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. State of Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 364, Misc. Sigmund Pollack, petitioner, v. James T. Aspbury
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 370, Misc. James William Josey, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Fred Bates, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 383, Misc. Albert C. Johns, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 384, Misc. Burl Norwood, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian of the State of Florida. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 390, Misc. Charles T. Lester, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 401, Misc. Edward Louis Pippin, petitioner, v. C. A. Edmond-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas denied.
No. 404, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Nathan Willner,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 408, Misc. Russell J. Cromie, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
148
No. 409, Misc. In the Matter of George Hamilton Gibson, peti
tioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 410, Misc. James L. Presley, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepper-
sack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 424, Misc. Charles McDonald, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 433, Misc. James Craig, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 434, Misc. Lee Bridges, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 436, Misc. Joseph K. France, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 437, Misc. Edwin M. Browning, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Kenneth B. McNees, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden;
No. 373, Misc. Bob Austin, Jr., petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden;
No. 385, Misc. Ex parte Charles Howell, petitioner; and
No. 386, Misc. W. A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 379, Misc. Ben G. Pacheco, petitioner, v. State of Texas;
No. 392, Misc. Ex parte Charles Fleischman, petitioner; and
No. 432, Misc. In the Matter of Albert Van Pelt, petitioner. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 199. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Glen-
shaw Glass Company and William Goldman Theatres, Inc. Argued
for Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the petitioner, by Mr. Max
Swiren for respondent, Glenshaw Glass Co., and by Mr. Samuel H.
Levy for respondent, William Goldman Theatres, Inc.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1955
149
No. 114. General American Investors Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Norris Darrell
for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the
respondent.
No. 50. William A. Bisso, Jr., Receiver, New Orleans Coal and
Bisso Towboat Co., petitioner, v. Inland Waterways Corporation.
Argued by Mr. Eberhard P. Deutsch for the petitioner and by Mr.
Ralph S. Spritzer for the respondent.
No. 246. Paul W. Diehl, Jr., petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Co., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Harry M. Leet for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Richard R. Lyman for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 246, 70,
210, 104, 48, and 105.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1955
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Cinton.
J. Reuel Armstrong, of Rawlins, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Frank
A. Barrett; Charles A. Boyle, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James
Cunningham Murray; John Paul Geneau, of Jacksonville, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; Don J. McClenahan, of Boise,
Idaho, on motion of Mr. Dwight T. Taylor; and Wesley G. Hall, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko, were admitted to
practice.
No. 246. Paul W. Diehl, Jr., petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Co. et al. Argument continued by Mr. Richard R. Lyman for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. Harry M. Leet for the petitioner.
No. 70. Boston Metals Company, Formerly Named Boston Iron
and Metal Company, as Owner of the Canadian Destroyer "St. Fran-
cis", petitioner, v. S/S "Winding Gulf” and Massachusetts Trustees
of Eastern Gas and Fuel Associates. Argued by Mr. John H. Skeen,
Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles S. Bolster for the
respondents.
No. 210. United States of America, as Owner of the S. S. Chris-
topher Gale, petitioner, v. Chris Nielson et al., Co-Partners Trad-
ing Under the Firm Name and Style of Dauntless Towing Line, as
Owner of the Tug Dauntless #6. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer
for the petitioner and by Mr. Anthony V. Lynch, Jr., for the
respondents.
No. 104. United States of America, petitioner, v. Richard Isaac
Menasche. Argued by Mr. Gray Thoron for the petitioner and by
Mr. Peyton Ford for the respondent.
No. 48. Louis Shomberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Alan Y. Cole for the petitioner and by Mr. Gray
Thoron for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 105,
184 (and 185), and 367.
☑
#1
ghat
313093-55-45

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1955
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Rollin Eldrid Bowles, of Portland, Oreg., and Robert Y. Thornton,
of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Arthur Garfield Higgs; Robert
Warren Murray, of Silver Spring, Md., and John Bright Fisher, of
Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Clarence Worth Rowley, Jr.;
LeRoy A. Powers, of Oklahoma City, Okla., and James C. Harkin,
of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Philip B. Perlman; George
Seymour Morgan, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Edward Pa-
trick Guinene; and Percy Don Williams, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Harry Tyson Carter, were admitted to practice.
No. 105. Francis G. A. O'Neill, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. C. Richard Grieser for the
petitioner and by Mr. Robert F. Ebinger for the respondent.
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.;
and
No. 185. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Mac
Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma. Argued
by Mr. James C. Harkin for the appellants in No. 184 and the appel-
lees in No. 185, by Mr. Dick H. Woods for the appellees in No. 184
and the appellants in No. 185, by Mr. Herbert A. Bergson for the
Guild of Prescription Opticians of America, Inc., et al., as amici
curiae and by Mr. Philip B. Perlman for the American Optometric
Association, Inc., et al., as amici curiae.
No. 367. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. The State of
Oregon et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Willard W. Gatchell for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Arthur G. Higgs for the respond-
ents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 367,
387, 157, and 337.
Х
313093-55-46
,

THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1955
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William F. Prioleau, Jr., of Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. J.
Strom Thurmond; Joseph S. Lord III, of Philadelphia, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. James P. McGranery; Joseph F. Walsh, of Newark, N. J.,
and John J. Bracken, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Bennett
Boskey; Clarice D. Kaufman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Seymour S. Guthman; William H. Lowery, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. H. Francis De Lone; John Patrick Donnelly, of
Malden, Mass., on motion of Mr. John J. O'Keefe; William J. Lipp-
man, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Marvin J. Coles; John
C. Cochrane, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Richard W. Galiher;
and Thomas H. Wall, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Earl R.
Stanley, were admitted to practice.
No. 367. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. The State of
Oregon et al. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur G. Higgs for the
respondents, by Mr. Rollin E. Bowles for the Oregon Division of the
Izaak Walton League of America as amicus curiae and concluded by
Mr. Willard W. Gatchell for the petitioner.
No. 387. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. C. W. Vollmer & Company, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Stuart Rothman for the petitioner and by Mr. Eber-
hard P. Deutsch for the respondent.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney A.
Schwartz for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Edward J. Behrens
for the respondent, by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the United States
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court and by Mr. Sidney A.
Schwartz for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 157,
337, 368, and 173.
☑
313093-55-47

FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1955
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frank J. Dowd, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Barratt O'Hara;
Franklin M. Schultz, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Louis F.
Oberdorfer; Henry J. Bogatko, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
I. Martin Leavitt; Martin J. Pearl, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of
Mr. James R. Golden; Patrick De Leon, of Waterbury, Conn., on mo-
tion of Mr. Seymour Krieger; Arthur Manella, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Randolph E. Paul; and Edward A. Pohost, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy, were admitted to
practice.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Argument concluded by Mr. Sidney A.
Schwartz for the petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file brief in
reply to brief of the United States by Thursday, next.
No. 337. Alexander Norwood, Joseph F. Tunstall, and John E.
Smallwood, petitioners, v. Honorable William H. Kirkpatrick, etc.
Argued by Mr. Joseph S. Lord III for the petitioners and by Mr. H.
Francis De Lone for the respondent.
No. 368. Joseph P. Marcelle, petitioner, v. Estate of Raymond
Lupia, Bruno Lupia and Amelia Lupia, Executors. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Lee A. Jackson for the petitioner. Court declined to
hear further argument.
No. 173. Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Richman Brothers Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. William J. Isaacson for the petitioners and continued by Mr.
Philip Elman for the National Labor Relations Board as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, March 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 7, will be as follows: No. 173.
#1
대
313093-55--48

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1955
154
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John F. Murphy, of Santa Cruz, Calif., and Donald Mosure Stearns,
of Washington, D. C., on the motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon
E. Sobeloff; Edward J. Hartman, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Donald J.
Goode, of Des Moines, Iowa, John J. Shea, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
James Vincent Sarcone, of Des Moines, Iowa, Sidney C. Levine, of
Des Moines, Iowa, Edward H. Jones, of Des Moines, Iowa, James E.
Franken, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Theron Grate, Jr., of Des Moines,
Iowa, William Carl Hoffmann, Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa, Dale S. Mis-
sildine, of Des Moines, Iowa, James P. Irish, of Altoona, Iowa, Robert
E. Conley, of Des Moines, Iowa, John C. O'Byrne, Jr., of Iowa City,
Iowa, Harold J. Crawford, of Des Moines, Iowa, Harris M. Cogge-
shall, of Des Moines, Iowa, and Albert L. Wensel, of Des Moines,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. Thomas Ellsworth Martin; Albert Arthur
Goldfarb, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machro-
wicz; Thomas Edwin James, of Austin, Texas, on motion of Mr.
Homer Thornberry; John Power Holloway, of Boulder, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; James V. Cunningham, of Peoria, Ill.,
Scott Ging, of Indianapolis, Ind., Nelson G. Grills, of Indianapolis,
Ind., Newell C. Munson, of Indianapolis, Ind., Paul C. Zempel, of
Lewistown, Ill., Guy Rhodes Williams, of Havana, Ill., David C.
McCarthy, of Peoria, Ill., H. William Irwin, of Indianapolis, Ind.,
Harry J. Harman, of Indianapolis, Ind., Floyd R. Mannon, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., Robert H. McKinney, of Indianapolis, Ind., John M.
Harrigan, of Indianapolis, Ind., Richard W. Yarling, of Indianapolis,
Ind., Harry E. Riddell, of Indianapolis, Ind., James J. Stewart, of
Indianapolis, Ind., and Robert H. Orbison, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee; James W. Strudwick, of Tus-
caloosa, Ala., Roger H. Miller, of North Vernon, Ind., James S.
Cheney, of Marietta, Ga., John F. Hannigan, of New York, N. Y.,
Joseph K. Grigsby, of Orlando, Fla., Ellis L. Gottlieb, of Atlantic
City, N. J., Henry Stanley Lewis, Jr., of Guthrie, Okla., Herbert C.
Swigert, of Washington, D. C., Clement J. Wall, of Chicago, Ill., Joe
DeLay Taylor, of Champaign, Ill., Richard S. Casale, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., and Donald C. Dickson, Jr., of Shreveport, La., on motion of
Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Reuben Loaner, of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; Theodore Wurmser, of Louisville,
313093-55- -49
"

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1955
155
Ky., on motion of Mr. M. H. Thatcher; Joseph Volpe, Jr., of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Bennett Boskey; John B. Martineau, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson; Philip Hawley Smith,
of Easton, Conn., Edgar P. Stocker, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Robert
F. Maskey, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt;
Ralph W. Kalish, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas B.
Collins; John P. Lomenzo, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Laurence E. Seibel; Robert B. Harmon, of Silver Spring, Md., on
motion of Mr. Paul Max Craig, Jr.; Vincent A. Pepper, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Vincent B. Welch; George H. Cohen, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren W. Grimes; Samuel
Efron, of Allentown, Pa., on motion of Mr. Monroe Karasik; James
Macaulay Wallace, Jr., of Bradenton, Fla., on motion of Mr. Erle R.
Stanley; A. Lillian C. Kennedy, of Washington, D. C., and Eugene
A. Chase, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank D. Reeves;
and Jess Larson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole,
were admitted to practice.
No. 30. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
Republic of China et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York with directions
to reinstate the counterclaims and for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr.
Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Clark join. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 263. The United States of America and the Secretary of Com-
merce as Successor of the Chairman of the United States Maritime
Commission, petitioners, v. California Eastern Line, Inc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas
dissents.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 105. Francis G. A. O'Neill, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment
of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded to the
District Court with instructions to reinstate its order dated July 30,
1952.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1955
156
No. 368. Joseph P. Marcelle, petitioner, v. Estate of Raymond
Lupia, Bruno Lupia and Amelia Lupia, Executors. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Per Curiam: We reject the construction placed upon the statute by
the Fifth Circuit and approve the construction placed thereon by the
Second Circuit whose judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 525. Ralph Becker, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Mortensen v.
United States, 322 U. S. 369.
No. 534. Ben Sapir, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certio-
rari is granted. We believe that the judgment of the Court of Appeals
of October 20, 1954, reversing and remanding this cause with instruc-
tions to dismiss the indictment was correct. It is not necessary for us
to pass on the question presented under its subsequent judgment of
November 17, 1954, directing a new trial. We vacate the latter judg-
ment, which directed the new trial, and we reinstate the former one
which instructed the trial court to dismiss the indictment. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 412. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Eugene
Gressman, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., is invited to appear and
present oral argument as amicus curiae in support of the petitioner.
No. 23. Robert A. McAllister, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. The application for an order of modification of the judgment is
denied.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. The motion for leave to file brief of Asso-
ciation of American Ship Owners as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.
The motion of American Committee on Optics and Visual Physi-
ology and others for leave to join in brief of the Guild of Prescrip-
tion Opticians of America, Inc., as amicus curiae is granted.
胜

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1955
157
No. 451. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Al-
lentown Broadcasting Corp. The motion for leave to file brief of
Easton Publishing Co., as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 333. Anthony Pino, petitioner, v. Henry Nicolls, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service. The motion to
substitute H. R. Landon, present District Director of Immigration
and Naturalization, as the party respondent in the place and stead of
Henry Nicolls is granted.
No. 522. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The
Warren Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
and the case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 555. Dantan George Rea, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 432. Local 63, Textile Workers Union of America, C. I. O.,
petitioner, v. Cheney Brothers; and
No. 570. Local 63, Textile Workers Union of America, C. I. O.,
petitioner, v. Cheney Brothers. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 554. James Sheldon Walker, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circut denied.
No. 571. Mollie Sawyer, petitioner, v. Robert T. Stevens, Secretary
of the Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 353. Cowles Publishing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this motion.
No. 539. J. Rupert Mason, petitioner, v. Summer Lake Irrigation
District and Pueblo Trading Co. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 257, October Term, 1953. Henry J. Jones, petitioner, v. Lykes
Brothers Steamship Company, Inc. Motion for leave to file second
petition for rehearing denied.
18.
10.
1
4

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1955
158
No. 319, Misc. Etley Billeaudeau, Gilbert LeBleu, et al., petition-
ers, v. Temple Associates, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. Barbara Graham, John A. Santo, and Emmett R.
Perkins, petitioners, v. People of the State of California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion the petition should be granted.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, March 14,
next.
No. 173. Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Richman Brothers Company. Argument continued
by Mr. Luther Day for the respondent, by Mr. William J. Isaacson
for the petitioners, and concluded by Mr. Philip Elman for the
National Labor Relations Board as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court.
Adjourned until Monday, March 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
H
☑
1
取

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1955
159
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John T. Silveus, of Waynesburg, Pa., John I. Appell, of Boston,
Mass., and Frank J. Muscarella, Jr., of Clearwater, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Mark E. Woolsey, of
Ozark, Ark., on motion of Mr. James William Trimble; John V.
Lindsay, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Burger;
Alfred S. Pellard, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard
Raum; James C. Burnette, of Hindman, Ky., on motion of Mr. George
S. Prugh; William L. Jacobs, of Parkersburg, W. Va., on motion of
Mr. Gerard Van Arkel; William J. Quinn, of Schenectady, N. Y.,
Abraham B. Dorsman, Jr., of Albany, N. Y., Nicholas D. Morsillo, of
Schenectady, N. Y., Harold W. Rosentrauch, of Albany, N. Y., and
Charles A. Petluck, of Tuckahoe, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Perry H.
Burnham; Reuben Goodman, of Cambridge, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Robert W. Ginnane; Earl J. Lombard, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Nathaniel J. Ely; Howard M. Redlich, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Kenneth Dobson Miller; Alfred F.
Goshorn, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph Aloysius
McMenamin; Philip A. Ray, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. William W. Ray; Robert Taylor Cochran, of Nashville, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. Jack W. Bain; Roy C. Tucker, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Raymond Francis Newkirk; Edward J. Lynch, of
Washington, D. C., and Harry J. Maginnis, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Nathan M. Brown; and James B. Christie, of
Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Emory L. Groff, were admitted to
practice.
No. 203. Frank Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed
and case remanded to that Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 164. Philip Andrew Witmer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
313093-55-50
h

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1955
160
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 250. Anthony Tony Sicurella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 251. Robert Simmons, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas, adhering to their dissent in Nugent v. United
States, 346 U. S. 1, 13, join in the opinion and judgment of the Court.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Minton.
'
No. 69. Joe Valdez Gonzales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Minton.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 246. Paul W. Diehl, Jr., petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Co. et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: Upon the facts disclosed in
the opinion of the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, 211 F. 2d
95, the applicable Acts of Congress, and the opinion of this Court in
Oakley v. Louisville & Nashville R. Co., 338 U. S. 278, the judgment
of the Court of Appeals is reversed. Mr. Justice Reed dissents for the
reasons given in the opinion of the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
16
4
14
41

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1955
161
No. 538. William Calvaresi and Jerry Benallo, Jr., petitioners, v.
United States of America; and
No. 548. Eugene Smaldone and Clyde Smaldone, petitioners, v.
United States of America. On petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per
Curiam: In the interests of justice and in the exercise of the super-
visory powers of this Court, certiorari is granted and the cases are
severally reversed and remanded to the District Court for retrial
before a different judge.
No. 567. State of Montana, ex rel. Ford Johnson, petitioner, v. The
State Board of Land Commissioners of the State of Montana, etc.,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Montana. Per Curiam: Certiorari is granted. The decision below
is reversed insofar as it holds that the 1953 Montana Statute, Mon-
tana Rev. Codes, 1947 (Cum. Supp. 1953) § 81-1702 (2), is incon-
sistent with federal law. The case is accordingly remanded to the
Montana Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent with this
order.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. The report of the Special Master is received and
ordered filed. Exceptions, if any, to the report of the Special Master
may be filed by the parties within 60 days.
No. 186. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company,
Inc. The motion of the Government for leave to appear and present
oral argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and one-half hour is
allowed for that purpose.
No. 616. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. United States,
ex rel. Joseph Accardi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argument
immediately following No. 145.
No. 536. St. Joe Paper Company, Jessie Ball duPont, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company;
No. 544. F. K. Conn, Edith F. Conn, and Sherman S. Forbes,
et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company;
No. 552. S. A. Lynch, S. A. Lynch Corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company; and
食品
4

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1955
162
No. 573. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
St. Joe Paper Company, the Testamentary Trustees of the Trust
Estate Created by the Last Will and Testament of Alfred I. duPont,
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 558. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Virginia Beardslee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 562. Stow Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board, Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 563. Edward S. Wagner Co., Inc., petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell, Secretary of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 569. United States of America, ex rel. Nickolas Diani Circella,
petitioner, v. Walter A. Sahli, Director of Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service, U. S. Department of Justice, Chicago. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 574. Roscoe Bifocal Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Ray Simon, Indi-
vidually and as General Partner of Ray Simon Optical Co. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 578. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, and Missouri-Illinois Railroad Company, peti-
tioners, v. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 41. Premier Oil Refining Company of Texas, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 43. The Tee-Hit-Ton Indians, an Identifiable Group of Alaska
Indians, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 475. R. W. Ford, D. B. Cole, and B. F. Conaghan, petitioners,
v. Hughes Tool Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 520. Ring Lardner, petitioner, v. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 132, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. State of Michigan
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
"
包
.

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1955
163
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 245, Misc. Clifton Bennett, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 366, Misc. Clarence A. Holliday, petitioner, v. Morris Abram,
Warden, New Mexico Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 469, Misc. Samuel L. Voss, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Middle District, denied.
No. 221, Misc. Ex parte Rozzie Lee Washington, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, March 28,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, March 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 186,
191, and 321.
☑
114
·New
1

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed the Honorable John Marshall Harlan, Circuit Judge from
New York, an Associate Justice of this Court to succeed Justice Jack-
son. Justice Harlan has taken the Constitutional Oath administered
by the Chief Justice. He is now present in Court. The Clerk will
read his commission. He will then take the Judicial Oath, to be ad-
ministered by the Clerk, after which the Marshal will escort him to
his seat on the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To All Who Shall See These Presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of John Marshall Harlan of New
York I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitution and
Laws of the said United States, and to Have and Hold the said Office,
with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of right
appertaining, unto Him, the said John Marshall Harlan, during his
good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto.
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this seventeenth day of March, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and seventy-ninth.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"HERBERT BROWNELL, Jr.,
"Attorney General."
313093-55-51
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
"
H

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
165
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Harlan was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the bench.
The oaths taken by Mr. Justice Harlan are in the following
words, viz:
"I, John Marshall Harlan, do solemnly swear that I will support
and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic, that I will bear true faith and allegiance to
the same, that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reserva-
tion or purpose of evasion, and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
"So help me God.
"JOHN M. HARLAN.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of March
A. D. 1955.
"EARL WARREN,
"Chief Justice."
“I, John Marshall Harlan, do solemnly swear that I will administer
justice without respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and
to the rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and
perform all the duties incumbent on me as Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States according to the best of my abil-
ities and understanding, agreeably to the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
"So help me God.
"JOHN M. HARLAN.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of March
A. D. 1955.
"HAROLD B. WILLEY,
"Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States."
Harold R. Gordon, of Chicago, Ill., Bernard Lefkowitz, of New
York, N. Y., Thomas Warner Smith, of Washington, D. C., Llewellyn
Russell Wharry, of Washington, D. C., Jefferson Wortham Clark, of
De Land, Fla., Miller Bowen, of Mount Savage, Md., Robert E. Hecht,
of Chicago, Ill., and Wallace Alexander Hawkins, of Knoxville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Thomas
W. Lane, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John M. Vorys; Jacob
Kenneth Rader, of Goochland, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Vaughn
Gary; Russell Fred Lee, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. James C.
Davis; John W. Howard, of Arcadia, Calif., on motion of Mr. Patrick
J. Hillings; Donald J. Kropp, of San Francisco, Calif., Thomas
Martin O'Connor, of San Francisco, Calif., Frank J. Needles, of San
1
1
508

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
166
Francisco, Calif., and Frank A. Piazza, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Durham E. Allen, of New York,
N. Y., S. Noel Melvin, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Wm. B. Davis, of
Wyoming, Ohio, George Francis Patterson, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio,
James L. Lucas, of Columbus, Ohio, Theodore T. Twynham, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio, James N. Gabriel, of Cambridge, Mass., Francis R.
Dobrowski, of Boston, Mass., Lewis Edgar Basom, of Columbus, Ohio,
Malcolm Miller Prine, of Columbus, Ohio, Eugene Francis Murphy,
of Boston, Mass., John J. Campbell, of Cambridge, Mass., Donald R.
Simpson, of Marblehead, Mass., Alexander J. Gillis, of Boston, Mass.,
Albert H. Gold, of Philadelphia, Pa., Isadore I. Azimow, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., Albert Auburn, of Wellesley, Mass., Emanuel F. Schifano,
of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Robert F. Burkardt, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; J. Howard Payne, Jr., of
New York, N. Y., Robert Joseph Delaney, of Garden City, N. Y.,
Anthony J. Meli, of Seaford, N. Y., Joseph C. Anderson, of New
York, N. Y., Thomas E. Tisza, of New York, N. Y., William Augustin
Tracy, of Salem, Mass., Martin Harris, of New York, N. Y., Joseph
Patrick Martin of New York, N. Y., John J. Seffern, of New York,
N. Y., William McCarroll Mark, of Garden City, N. Y., Max M.
Schleider, of Bayside, N. Y., Frederick Wilson Read, Jr., of Port
Washington, N. Y., Benjamin Hantman, of New York, N. Y., Charles
H. Cosgrove, of West Newton, Mass., Edward A. Caredis, of Newton
Center, Mass., Harold Unterberg, of New York, N. Y., Richard R.
Caples, of Boston, Mass., Everett Augustus Grant, of Weston, Mass.,
Timothy H. Donohue, of Boston, Mass., Edward Francis Cooley, of
Boston, Mass., Raphael Mur, of New York, N. Y., James W. Forsyth,
of Staten Island, N. Y., William Edwards Murray, of New York,
N. Y., Bernard Joseph Lally, of New York, N. Y., Anthony Kohout,
Jr., of New York, N. Y., Abraham Jacob Asche, of New York, N. Y.,
Joseph B. Brady, of New York, N. Y., Henry M. Kidder, Jr., of Oyster
Bay, N. Y., and John P. Swift, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Francis La Mar Forshee; Raymond E. Callegary, of Baltimore, Md.,
and Claude L. Callegary, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles
V. Koons; Maurice Denbo, of Burlington, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Alexander Denbo; Charles Minor Gore, of Bristol, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. Benito Gaguine; Harry G. Fletcher, Jr., of Staten Island,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Granville Burke; Robert L. Meyer, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Robert J.
Malang, of New York, N. Y., and Mario A. Procaccino, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward W. FitzGerald; Louis A. Breier,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip Paul Marenberg;
Richard C. J. Kitto, of Pen Argyl, Pa., Robert Lee Rubendall, of
Harrisburg, Pa., and J. Lawrence Davis, of Bangor, Pa., on motion
of Mr. John H. Pursel; Paul T. Smith, of Boston, Mass., on motion
1
FIN
"
41
דיי
No1

R
i
MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
167
of Mr. Reuben Goodman; Sam S. Brozinsky, of New York, N. Y.,
Mandel Matthew Einhorn, of New York, N. Y., and Clarence Siegel,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph Kottler; George T.
Tarbutton, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Willard P. Owens;
Robert L. Knecht, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Carl A.
Julien; Charles S. Gaines, of Millburn, N. J., on motion of Mr. Milton
V. Freeman; Leroy Robinson, of Charlotte, N. C., on motion of Mr.
Charles Orlando Pratt; Leonard B. Netzorg, of Portland, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. James Arthur Lanigan; Lyman Brewster, of Birney,
Mont., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky; and Cornelius J. McCool,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James M. McInerney, were
admitted to practice.
No. 45. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Colorado Inter-
state Gas Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
reversed and case remanded to that Court for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.;
and
No. 185. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Mac
Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the Western District of
Oklahoma. Judgment in No. 184 reversed with costs and case re-
manded to the District Court for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 185 affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 51. Association of Westinghouse Salaried Employees, peti-
tioner, v. Westinghouse Electric Corporation. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter announced the judgment of the Court and an
opinion in which Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Minton join.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren in which Mr. Justice
Clark joins. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black joins. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
NE
51

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
168
No. 97. Lloyd Weber, Russell Davis, Walter Patrick, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Missouri for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 199. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Glen-
shaw Glass Company and William Goldman Theatres, Inc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgments reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 114. General American Investors Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 450. Walker Dale Boston Bates, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for certiorari is granted. Petitioner's claim to exemption as a con-
scientious objector has been denied by the National Appeal Board
without his Selective Service file ever having been referred to the
Department of Justice for inquiry, hearing, and recommendation. The
procedure prescribed by § 6 (j) of the Universal Military Training and
Service Act, 62 Stat. 612, as amended, 50 U. S. C. App. § 456 (j),
has not been complied with, and the judgment of conviction is
accordingly reversed.
No. 521. Perry Bowen Moore, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for cer-
tiorari is granted. Petitioner and witnesses tendered by him declined,
because of religious scruples against oath-taking, to use the word
"solemnly" in affirming to tell the truth. The trial court refused to
permit them to testify. There is no requirement that the word "sol-
313093-55-52
卷
1
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
169
emnly" be used in the affirmation, and the judgment of conviction is
therefore reversed and the case remanded for a new trial.
No. 526. Charles Simon, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Simmons v.
United States, No. 251, October Term, 1954, decided March 14, 1955.
No. 565. Jack Warren Bradley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Gon-
zales v. United States, No. 69, October Term, 1954, decided March 14,
1955.
No. 560. ABC Freight Forwarding Corporation, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 564. Gretchen McRae, appellant, v. United States of America.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado. Per Curiam: The motion to dispense with printing the
statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed.
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tadao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. The motion for leave to file brief of American
Farm Bureau Federation, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 394. In the Matter of Application of Ben G. Levy for Admis-
sion to Practice in United States District Court, Southern District
of Texas, petitioner. The motion for leave to file brief of Houston
Bar Association, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 417. Lewyt Corporation (now known as Lewyt Manufacturing
Corporation), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The
motion to remove this case from the summary calendar is granted.
No. 478. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file supplement to
the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 586. Local Union No. 25 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, et al.,

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
170
petitioners, v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Massachusetts is granted limited to question 1 presented by the peti-
tion for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. Does the Labor Management Relations Act oust State courts
of jurisdiction of a suit by a railroad to enjoin a union and union
representatives from engaging in peaceably conducted strikes or at-
tempts to induce such strikes by the employees of interstate motor
carriers for the purpose of persuading such carriers to agree to restrict
their use of interstate railroad transportation facilities and to give
some portion of such interstate carriage work to their employees who
are all represented by the union?"
The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 617. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Bruce A. Mackey, Individually, and Time Saver Tools, Inc.,
an Illinois Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 390. Clair Laverne White, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 391. John Alan Tomlinson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 447. United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernest F. Close.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied; and
No. 448. United States of America, petitioner, v. Jackie Lee
Hinkle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 501. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 502. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 513. Lykes Bros. Steamship Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 543. G. E. Browning, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
1

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
171
No. 559. Rogers Ridgeway, petitioner, v. Georgia Ridgeway. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 572. Henry Grady Snead, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 576. Ronald M. Byrnes, petitioner, v. The Mutual Life Insur-
ance Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 580. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc., and Alfred A. Knopf,
Inc., petitioners, v. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., William
Spier, The Wildroot Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 590. F. P. Newport Corporation, Ltd., petitioner, v. Paul W.
Sampsell, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of F. P. Newport
Corporation, Ltd., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 591. Fred Ihler and Anne Ihler, his wife, petitioners, v. Olga
Rosen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.
No. 596. Charles L. Brown, Gwen G. Brown, Elva P. Bolds, et al.,
petitioners, v. S. E. Britton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 597. William J. Cleary, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 606. Isadore Lenzner and Freda Lenzner, petitioners, v. City
of Trenton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 615. William Henning Rubin, Morton H. Bernstein, John E.
Kelley, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, South Shore & South Bend
Railroad, Jay Samuel Hartt, President, et al., etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 634. The Aetna Casualty & Surety Company, petitioner, v.
Ruby Mae Pitts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 635. In re Joseph Holmes, an Alleged Delinquent Minor, peti-
tioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 599. John C. Shaffer, petitioner, v. Seas Shipping Company,
Inc. Motion to proceed as a seaman and to dispense with printing
1
N
หม
41

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
172
petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 592. Radio Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Hon Michael
L. Igoe, United States District Judge for the Northern District of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 478, Misc. Radio Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Hon.
Michael L. Igoe, United States District Judge, etc., et al. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or other appropriate relief
denied.
No. 125. Wayne Harsh, petitioner, v. Illinois Terminal Railroad
Company;
No. 479. Bernard B. Kanischer, petitioner, v. Irwin Operating Co.;
No. 495. Central Mine Equipment Company, petitioner, v. The
Bowdil Company;
No. 505. Arthur D. Bartron and Anna Katherine Bartron and
Nicholas or Nick Ronca, petitioners, v. Delaware River Joint Toll
Bridge Commission, etc.;
No. 508. Southern Bakers Association, Inc., and Atlanta Baking
Company, Inc., appellants, v. United States of America and Interstate
Commerce Commission; and
No. 317, Misc. Edward Brown, petitioner, v. Dr. Frederick S.
Baldi, Superintendent of the Philadelphia County Prison, et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 220, Misc. Frank Culver, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 233, Misc. Robert S. Skladd, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 340, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. Henry M. Lindsay
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 372, Misc. Robert Lee Barnett, Jr., by Next Friend Jessie J.
Weatherford, petitioner, v. The City of Memphis et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 375, Misc. Roland Munroe, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
aff

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
173
No. 376, Misc. Joseph Yankovich, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 380, Misc. Dennis J. Pennenga, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Suffolk
County Court of New York, Suffolk County, denied.
No. 388, Misc. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 389, Misc. Henry Bean, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 405, Misc. Louis DiMaggio, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 406, Misc. Henry Bell, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 411, Misc. Lester Arnold, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 412, Misc. Benjamin Hudson, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 413, Misc. John H. Lee, petitioner, v. William C. Kindelan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 417, Misc. Francis J. Hilderbrand, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 423, Misc. Edward Daniels, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 425, Misc. Katherine O. Benjamin, and Carol Ann Benjamin,
Infant, by her Next Friend, Katherine O. Benjamin, petitioners, v.
John K. McIntosh. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 439, Misc. Michael Viti, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
1
"
1

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
174
No. 441, Misc. Terry Lee Sims, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 443, Misc. Joseph E. Mullreed, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 447, Misc. John H. Bremer, Jr., petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 449, Misc. Robert Salkeld, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Marion County, Illinois, denied.
No. 450, Misc. George Ford, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Erie County, New York, denied.
No. 451, Misc. Shirley Collins, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 454, Misc. Jose Lujan, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager of Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 456, Misc. Edward H. Moody, Jr., petitioner, v. Allan L. Rob-
bins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judi-
cial Court of Maine denied.
No. 457, Misc. Jerry Jerome, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Court denied.
No. 461, Misc. T. H. Henson, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 462, Misc. Albert Sorimpt, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 465, Misc. J. D. Priegel, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 466, Misc. Otis Spencer, petitioner, v. Dr. I. W. Steele, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 467, Misc. Charles Miller, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
175
No. 471, Misc. Walter Davis, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 473, Misc. Ernest Cornes, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 475, Misc. William Pike, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 476, Misc. Joseph Corbo, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 477, Misc. Walter Phillips, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Joseph
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 452, Misc. William Francis Rupp, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 377, Misc. In the Matter of Courtney P. Hunt, petitioner. Ap-
plication for certificate of probable cause denied.
No. 400, Misc. Sylvester Elliott, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Michigan;
No. 415, Misc. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 453, Misc. Chester Banks, petitioner, v. Hon. William Denman,
Chief Judge. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 418, Misc. Samuel Foxall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, et al.; and
No. 446, Misc. Henry James, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 448, Misc. Jack Dampher, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 460, Misc. Henry Thomas Powers, petitioner, v. State of Texas
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
-
14
1
11

No.
MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1955
176
In the Matter of L. Barrett Jones;
No. In the Matter of George S. Hawke;
-
No. In the Matter of William B. Collins; and
―.
No.. In the Matter of J. B. Baltzegar. Rules are ordered to issue,
returnable on Thursday, April 14, 1955, requiring L. Barrett Jones,
of Jackson, Mississippi; George S. Hawke, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Wil-
liam B. Collins, of Westfield, N. J.; and J. B. Baltzegar, of Norway,
S. C., to show cause why judgments for costs should not be entered
against them.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which orders are this day announced.
No. 204. Society for Savings in the City of Cleveland, appellant, v.
Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argued by Mr. Robert
F. Maskey for the appellant and by Mr. Joseph S. Gill for the appellee.
No. 220. First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Warren,
appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers (Successor to John W. Peck), Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. Argued by Mr. Robert G. Day for the appel-
lant and by Mr. Joseph S. Gill for the appellee.
No. 191. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
Panoma Corporation and the Corporation Commission of the State
of Oklahoma. Argument commenced by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for
the appellant and continued by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson and Mr. T.
Murray Robinson for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 191,
321, 302, and 333.
✓
ķ
H

TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1955
177
118891
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Paul A. Toussaint, of Berlin, N. H., and Alan J. Kraft, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bernard S. Van Renselaer; Harry A.
Smith, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles P. Bauer; Aaron
E. Harris, of Menlo Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Millenson;
Kenneth Heady, of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Rayburn L.
Foster; Henry J. Zafian, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles
H. Walker; George Edward Wise, of Long Beach, Calif., and James
T. Lyon, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Claude W. Dudley;
Milton M. Carrow, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Henry J.
Fox; Livingston Jenks, of Honolulu, T. H., on motion of Mr. Milton
Carl Denbo; John M. McElroy, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Webb; Edward J. Kelly, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion
of Mr. George Cosson, Jr.; Francis X. Clair, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne; and John Hugh Bauer, of Nash-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Edgar R. Minnich, were admitted to
practice.
No. 191. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
Panoma Corporation and the Corporation Commission of the State of
Oklahoma. Argument continued by Mr. T. Murray Robinson for the
appellees and concluded by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the appellant.
No. 321. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
The Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al. ´Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Clarence H. Ross for the appellant, continued
by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. Douglas
F. Smith for the appellant.
No. 302. Anthony J. Parissi, petitioner, v. Telechron, Inc., and
General Electric Company. Argued by Mr. Harry A. Smith for the
petitioner and by Mr. Charles H. Walker for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos.
333, 357 (and 358), and 374.
Х
313093-55--53
مان :

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1955
178
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
John M. Jex, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Arthur V.
Watkins; Jack Aaron Skarbnik, of Newark, N. J., Ira Israel Wax-
man, of Newark, N. J., Philip Weinstein, of Newark, N. J., Herbert
Kestner, of Newark, N. J., Salvatore J. Beninati, of Newark, N. J.,
John A. Marzulli, of Newark, N. J., Uldric L. Fiore, of Montclair,
N. J., Benjamin Weiss, of Newark, N. J., Max Glassman, of Newark,
N. J., Bertram S. Grand, of Livingston, N. J., and Frank A. La Morte,
of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; Samuel S.
Cross, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering;
Herbert Schachian, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Dean Hill
Stanley; Charles E. Clapp II, of Providence, R. I., on motion of Mr.
Joseph E. McAndrews; Thomas Roberts McMillen, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles F. Barber; Charles Carroll Kieffer, of
Washington, D. C., and Milton Josephson, of Bordentown, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker : Harwood S. Nichols, Jr., of Buffalo,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sherry Basil Myers; Leonard S. Sattler, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Ira M. Lowe; A. G. McClintock,
of Cheyenne, Wyo., and Frank E. Hays, of Lander, Wyo., on motion
of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; and Charles Dare Woodruff, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William Simon, were admitted
to practice.
No. 333. Anthony Pino, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization. Argued by Mr. Reuben
Goodman for the petitioner and by Mr. John F. Davis for the
respondent.
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tadao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. Argued by Mr. Richard Gladstein for Maneja
14
1
'
313093-55--54
1

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1955
179
et al., by Miss Bessie Margolin for the Secretary of Labor, as amicus
curiae, by invitation of the Court, and by Mr. Rufus G. Poole for the
Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 374,
375, 394, and 186.
☑
1

180
THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Charles D. Johnson, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John H.
Pickering; Angelo F. Addona, of Waterbury, Conn., on motion of Mr.
William H. Timbers; Edward Sumner of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. George Edward Wise; Rutherford Day, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. John P. McClure; Leon G. Telsey, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Abraham M. Lowenthal; Jacques T.
Schlenger, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Emmet McNulty
Ferguson; T. Kennedy Helm, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., on motion of
Mr. Nelson Helm; and Kenton M. Prichard, of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Reeve Lewis, were admitted to practice.
No. 374. Edward J. Shaughnessy, as District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization for the District of New York, petitioner, v.
Mampril Sequeira Pedreiro. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the
petitioner and by Mr. Aaron L. Danzig for the respondent.
No. 375. Virgil G. Carroll, Harry B. Hogan, Doing Business as
Harry B. Hogan Painting Company, et al., petitioners, v. M. Lanza,
Doing Business as Lake Charles Electric Company. Argued by Mr.
Shields M. Goodwin for the petitioners and by Mr. Alston Jennings
for the respondent.
No. 394. In the Matter of Application of Ben G. Levy for Admis-
sion to Practice in United States District Court, Southern District of
Texas. Argued by Mr. Bernard A. Golding for the petitioner.
No. 186. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company,
Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 1, will be as follows: No. 186.
Х
313093-55--55
اوه
i

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1955
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
A. Luini del Russo, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Arthur
J. Hilland, and John Wynne Ryan, of Port Chester, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. William Leavenworth Colby, were admitted to practice.
No. 186. General Drivers, Warehousemen, and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company,
Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Herbert A. Thatcher and Mr.
William S. Tyson for the petitioners, by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for
the National Labor Relations Board, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, and concluded by Mr. Nelson Helm for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 8, 9,
and 117.
th
313093-55-
-
3

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please the Court: This morning, in the Conference Room,
there was a meeting of the Bar of the Supreme Court in honor of the
memory of Mr. Justice Jackson. The meeting was addressed by Mr.
John Lord O'Brian, Mr. Gordon Dean, and Professor Paul Freund.
Resolutions read by Mr. Sidney Alderman, Chairman of the Commit-
tee, were adopted. With your permission I will read the Resolutions.
"'RESOLUTIONS
"Associate Justice Robert Houghwout Jackson died suddenly of
a heart attack on Saturday, October 9, 1954, at the age of sixty-two and
at the height of his brilliant judicial career. On the convening of
the Court on Monday, October 11, Chief Justice Warren made the fol-
lowing statement:
"""One short week ago this Court convened for its 164th Term,
its membership intact and cheerfully anticipating the work before
us. Today the chair of our Brother Jackson is vacant, and we are
sad indeed. He passed away last Saturday suddenly but by the Grace
of God without suffering. For this we are all grateful, because he
lived and died as was his great desire-active and useful to the end.
""Able lawyer, statesman and jurist, his passing leaves a great
void in this Court. We shall miss greatly his wise counsel, his clarity
of expression and his genial companionship.
"""For 20 years, as General Counsel, as Solicitor General, as At-
torney General of the United States, and as a member of this Court,
he labored manfully with the complex and baffling problems of our
time. His contributions were great. He has earned his rest.
"""Funeral services will be held tomorrow afternoon at three o'clock
at the Washington Cathedral, this city. His body will then be taken
tenderly to Jamestown, New York, the little city of his youth, where,
in pleasant and familiar surroundings, it will abide in peace among
his earliest friends.
"""In respect to his memory, this Court will now adjourn until
Thursday, October 14, 1954, at twelve noon."
313093-55-57
"
дорожное

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
183
""The Chief Justice, all the Associate Justices, and the Clerk and
the Marshal of the Court accompanied the remains, along with the
family and the office staff of Mr. Justice Jackson, to Jamestown, New
York, and the members of the Court acted as honorary pallbearers
at the funeral services at Jamestown and at the interment at Frews-
burg.
"Justice Jackson had suffered a previous attack in the spring of
1954 and had spent several weeks in a hospital in Washington and
recuperating at his beautiful home, Hickory Hill, at McLean, Vir-
ginia. His doctors gave him the choice between years of comparative
inactivity or a continuation of his normal activity at the risk of death
at any time. With characteristic fortitude he chose the second alter-
native. He returned to his work on the Court, sat at the session of
May 17, 1954, and joined in the unanimous opinion of that date in
the school segregation cases. After a restful summer vacation at his
home, at the Bohemian Grove in California and on a fishing trip in
Canada, he returned for the present term of the Court and sat at its
opening session on Monday, October 4.
""The members of the bar of the Supreme Court are met today to
honor his memory and to record their estimate of the man, of the law-
yer, of the judge, and of the statesman.
"'He was a self-educated and self-made man in the Lincoln tradi-
tion and his life will ever be an inspiration to young men of our time
who, all too often, tend to feel that ours may be no longer a land of
opportunity.
""He was born at Spring Creek, Warren County, Pennsylvania,
on February 13, 1892, the son of William Eldred and Angelina Hough-
wout Jackson. His father, a lumberman, farmer and stock breeder,
was a stubborn Scotsman who wanted his son to be a doctor and re-
fused to assist him in obtaining a legal education. He died when
the son was a young man. His mother, a woman of strength and
fortitude, with the best characteristics of her Dutch ancestry, had a
profound influence on her son's life and character. She died shortly
after he became Associate Justice. He was the only son and is sur-
vived by two devoted sisters, Mrs. Helen J. Adams and Mrs. Ella M.
Springer, both of Frewsburg, New York.
"When Robert H. Jackson was five years old, the family moved
across the state line to Frewsburg, Chautauqua County, New York,
a small village some five miles south of Jamestown. There he attended
grade and grammar school. In 1910 he graduated from Jamestown
High School. He never attended college, but immediately entered
the office of Frank H. Mott, an able young lawyer and like Jackson a
Democrat, to study law. He attended Albany Law School for one
year and then resumed his studies in Mr. Mott's law office. He passed
the New York bar examinations and was admitted to practice on
..
44
INS
4
.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
184
November 24, 1913, at the age of twenty-one, when he would normally
have been graduating from college. He always retained the view
that the old system of studying in a law office provided one of the
best schools for a legal education.
1
"Years later, in his thoughtful address on "Training the Trial
Lawyer" delivered at the dedication of The Stanford University
School of Law, he made witty reference to his own law education,
saying:
"""Considerations of an autobiographical nature would make it
immodest for me to suggest what a law school should teach and how
best to teach it. I am a vestigial remnant of the system which per-
mitted one to come to the bar by way of apprenticeship in a law office.
Except for one term at law school, I availed myself of that method of
preparation which already was causing uneasiness-to which feeling
I must have added, for the system was almost immediately abolished.
You may be comforted to realize that I am the last relic of that method
likely to find a niche on the Supreme Court."
"'He was always an omnivorous reader. He devoured everything
he could lay his hands on in history, biography, philosophy, the law
and the classics of literature, so that be became an extraordinarily
well-read man. He was a lifelong student of the Bible, an Episco-
palian and a thirty-third degree Mason. He was a deeply religious
man but was bound to no orthodoxy.
"'His farm boyhood taught him the strength and solace that comes
from nature and the out-of-doors life. He was an ardent horseman,
fisherman, camper, hiker; best of all, he loved a morning canter or a
summer camping trip with his daughter, Mary. In these recreations
he found release from the turmoil and contentions of an active pro-
fessional life, although it is said he sometimes argued his cases on
horseback.
""Standing and reputation came to him rapidly in that greatest
school for trial advocates, the general, country and small-town prac-
tice. He was early made corporation counsel of Jamestown. Like
Lincoln he was a railroad trial lawyer and represented a typical
clientele of corporations, large and small, and of individuals, rich
and poor. He was vice president and general counsel of a short line
railroad and of two traction companies and was director and general
counsel of a local bank and of the local telephone company.
66 'He practiced alone until 1919, when he became junior member
of the firm of Dean, Edson & Jackson. In 1923 he formed a partner-
ship with Henry S. Manley and Gerald A. Herrick under the firm
name of Jackson, Manley & Herrick. The firm became Jackson,
Herrick, Durkin & Leet in 1927 and continued until 1933. It was
13 Stanford Law Review 48.
-1
1
4

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
185
during this period that Robert Jackson developed a social philosophy
emphasizing the rights of the individual, of the underprivileged, of
small business, and opposing monopoly and oppression in all their
forms.
66
'Talents such as he possessed made it inevitable that he should
quickly achieve recognition beyond his local community and county.
He was one of the leading spirits in the organization of the Federa-
tion of Bar Associations of Western New York and was its president
from 1928 to 1930. In 1933 he was elected chairman of the National
Conference of Bar Association Delegates, then a section of the Ameri-
can Bar Association. In that position he came into contact with
lawyers from all over the nation and his national reputation began
to grow.
"'He never sought a career in public life, and, when such a career
was pressed upon him, he entered upon it with great reluctance. He
prided himself on being a countryman and a country lawyer. He
wanted to accumulate a modest competency and to live the life of
a country squire. He refused all offers to join Buffalo and New York
law firms. But, as a Democrat of prominence, in a county in which
Democrats were a distinct minority, he attracted the attention of
Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt. In 1930, on the nomination of the
President of the New York State Bar Association, he was appointed
to serve on a special commission created by the legislature of New
York to investigate the administration of justice in that State. Three
years later Governor Herbert H. Lehman named him director of the
New York Scrip Corporation, organized to handle negotiable scrip
which the legislature had authorized State banks to issue as an emer-
gency in the current financial stringency.
""When the Democrats took over the national administration under
President Roosevelt, this up-state country lawyer and Democrat was
promptly urged to come to Washington. His reluctance was over-
come and early in 1934 he accepted appointment as general counsel
of the Bureau of Internal Revenue, Treasury Department. While
in that office he conducted important tax litigation with ability and
was specially designated as counsel for the Securities and Exchange
Commission in the litigation which tested and sustained the consti-
tutionality of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935. In
1936 he was appointed Assistant Attorney General in charge of the
Tax Division, Department of Justice, and was later placed in charge
of the Antitrust Division.
666
""As Assistant Attorney General he was one of President Franklin
D. Roosevelt's ablest advocates in supporting the Bill to Reorganize
the Judicial Branch of the Government, in 1937. His interesting
book, The Struggle for Judicial Supremacy, shows that he was at-
'

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
186
tracted by the ultimate purposes of that plan rather than by the
method proposed.
""On March 4, 1938, President Roosevelt made him Solicitor Gen-
eral of the United States, upon the appointment of Stanley F. Reed
to the Supreme Court. As Solicitor General, his ability to understand
and expound issues, no matter how ramified or complex, together with
his surpassing skill in oral argument, won the admiration of the
Court and of his brothers at the bar. It was a position which he
enjoyed perhaps more than any other he ever held.
""On January 4, 1940, he was appointed by President Roosevelt
as Attorney General, to succeed Frank Murphy, after the latter's
appointment to the Court. His work in that office was concerned
principally with questions arising out of World War II. President
Roosevelt's executive agreement with Great Britain, exchanging fifty
over-age destroyers for naval and air bases in the British possessions
in the Western Hemisphere, was negotiated on his advice as Attorney
General. The international law aspects of this transaction, as well
as the legal basis for “Aid to Britain" and the rights of the United
States as a nonbelligerent, were clearly and powerfully set forth in
his address at the Havana meeting of the Inter-American Bar As-
sociation, in which he took the position for the United States that
the war of aggression waged by Germany was in violation of Ameri-
can treaty rights and that the doctrines of international law did not
oblige the United States to remain indifferently neutral but authorized
aid to those resisting aggression.
""During all this time the future Justice had been completing his
self-education, building himself upon himself, preparing for a greater
career. His foundations were native ability, general reading, sound
common sense, and long and successful experience as a trial and appel-
late court advocate.
""When on June 12, 1941, he was nominated Associate Justice by
President Roosevelt, his nomination was promptly confirmed on
July 7 by the Senate. Four days later he was commissioned and took
the oath of office. He took his seat on the Court on October 6, 1941,
filling the vacancy caused by the elevation of Associate Justice Harlan
Fiske Stone to be Chief Justice of the United States. During the
thirteen years of his judicial tenure he was absent from the Court for
over a year and a half on the historic Nuremberg war crimes mission.
Thus his active service on the Court comprised less than eleven and a
half years, but in that period he made a contribution to our federal
jurisprudence seldom excelled in the history of the Republic.
"He wrote a total of 318 opinions. Of these, 151 were opinions
for the Court, 42 were concurring opinions, and 125 were dissents,
although a few of his opinions which we have classified as for the
313093-55-58
"
#

"
MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
187
Court were concurred in by less than an actual majority but announced
the judgment of the Court.
"'With little formal education, he developed a literary style wholly
different from the styles of Holmes, Cardozo, and other great stylists
who have adorned the Court. He was as much given to aphorism as
Holmes but was much less cryptic. One never had to labor over his
pungent phrases to discover a hidden meaning. He would simply
state, "Chaos serves no social end." 2 Or, speaking of the Court, he
would dryly remark, "We are not final because we are infallible, but
we are infallible only because we are final." Or he would tersely
state, "Environment illuminates the meaning of acts, as context does
that of words." 4
994
""He wrote with a trenchant, concrete, Saxon style of great beauty
and vigor, nurtured chiefly on the King James version of the Bible
and on Shakespeare. He contributed to the literature of the Court
elements of freshness, clarity, and originality that will never be
forgotten.
666
"A slightly skeptical strain in his thinking, his devotion to freedom
of the individual and particularly to freedom of thought and belief,
and the charm of his style, are all well illustrated by the following
from his separate dissent in United States v. Ballard: 5 "All schools
of religious thought make enormous assumptions, generally on the
basis of revelations authenticated by some sign or miracle. The appeal
in such matters is to a very different plane of credulity than is invoked
by representations of secular fact in commerce. Some who profess
belief in the Bible read literally what others read as allegory or
metaphor, as they read Aesop's fables. Religious symbolism is even
used by some with the same mental reservations one has in teaching
of Santa Claus or Uncle Sam or Easter bunnies or dispassionate
judges. *** I would dismiss the indictment and have done with this
business of judicially examining other people's faiths."
"'He had a faculty for stripping away nonessentials and laying bare
the heart of a controversy. An effective advocate before he came to
the bench, he became and remained a lawyer's judge. He exposed fal-
lacies in argument relentlessly but with unfailing courtesy and good
humor. He admired and enjoyed good advocacy. His expressive
face was quick to show appreciation of a professional job well done.
""He made many contributions to legal literature and to the work
of bar associations. He wrote many important law review articles
and all over the United States and in Canada, England, and France he
delivered memorable addresses on legal subjects. In 1954 the New
State Tax Comm'n v. Aldrich, 316 U. S. 174, 185, at 196.
3 Brown v. Allen, 344 U. S. 443, 532, at 540.
* Cramer v. United States, 325 U. S. 1, 33.
5 322 U. S. 78, 92, at 94, 95.
413
1:6
'
예

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
188
York bar awarded him its gold medal for distinguished service to the
law and to the legal profession. For a year and a half before his
death he served diligently as chairman of the special committee set
up by the American Bar Association to conduct a comprehensive study
of criminal law and procedure in the United States. On November 2,
1953, he delivered an address at the laying of the cornerstone of the
American Bar Center at Chicago, eloquently attesting his devotion
to the law as a science and as a learned profession. In the title and in
the text of that address he used an expression which has been carved
over the portal of the Center, calling it "A Cathedral to testify to our
faith in the rule of law."
""Friendliness was one of his outstanding characteristics. It is
safe to say that no member of the Court in our history has had a wider
circle of intimate and devoted friends among lawyers and jurists all
over the world. He liked to be called "Bob" and usually signed his
personal letters that way. Although he had great zest for his work
as a member of the Court, he often chafed under the cloistered isola-
tion of the judicial position and always loved to come into intimate
and social contact with kindred spirits. His charm of personality, his
engaging humor, his conversational and anecdotic gifts, and his frank
and forthright manner of expression endeared him to all. But, deeper
than all this, he had a faculty of inspiring loyalty in friends, in asso-
ciates, and particularly in subordinates, that goes only with great
personality.
"He was a prodigious and indefatigable worker. His opinion for
the Court in Morissette v. United States 6 is a good example. Although
the case dealt with a narrow and technical question as to when a claim
of right constitutes a defense to a charge of criminal conversion of
property, Justice Jackson wrote an opinion of twenty-nine pages,
coming to grips with the entire vexing problem of the intent and culpa-
bility intrinsic to a charge of crime and bringing extraordinary re-
search and erudition to the service of deep moral insight.
""He wrote the opinion for the Court in Board of Education v.
Barnette, overruling the contrary decision in Minersville District v.
Gobitis 8 and holding that the action of a State making it compulsory
for school children to salute the Flag and to take the oath of allegiance.
violates the First and Fourteenth Amendments. In that opinion he
said:
"""The very purpose of a Bill of Rights was to withdraw certain
subjects from the vicissitudes of political controvery, to place them
beyond the reach of majorities and officials and to establish them as
legal principles to be applied by the courts. One's right to life, liberty,
6 342 U. S. 246.
7 319 U. S. 624.
8 310 U. S. 586.
'
"
1.
H
!
"H

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
189
and property, to free speech, a free press, freedom of worship and as-
sembly, and other fundamental rights may not be submitted to vote;
they depend on the outcome of no elections." 9
666
"And, after a close analysis of the reasoning in the Gobitis case,
he said:
66 6
"""If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is
that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in
politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force
citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein." 10
""His separate opinion, “concurring and dissenting, each in part,”
in Communications Assn. v. Douds," gives perhaps the best summary
of his attitude towards freedom of thought and speech. He said:
"""Progress generally begins in skepticism about accepted truths.
Intellectual freedom means the right to reexamine much that has been
long taken for granted. A free man must be a reasoning man, and
he must dare to doubt what a legislative or electoral majority may
most passionately assert. The danger that citizens will think wrongly
is serious, but less dangerous than atrophy from not thinking at all.
Our Constitution relies on our electorate's complete ideological free-
dom to nourish independent and responsible intelligence and preserve
our democracy from that submissiveness, timidity and herd-
mindedness of the masses which would foster a tyranny of mediocrity.
The priceless heritage of our society is the unrestricted constitutional
right of each member to think as he will. Thought control is a
copyright of totalitarianism, and we have no claim to it. It is not
the function of our Government to keep the citizen from falling into
error; it is the function of the citizen to keep the Government from
falling into error. We could justify any censorship only when the
censors are better shielded against error than the censored."
"Justice Jackson had personal and professional courage of the
highest degree. All knew exactly where he stood. On occasion he
could confess his own previous error. In McGrath v. Kristensen, 12
he differed with his own opinion as Attorney General and refused
to be bound by it. In his concurring opinion, among other illustrations
of graceful and good-natured surrendering of former views to a
better considered position, he invoked, as applicable to his situation,
Mr. Justice Story's statement, "My own error, however, can furnish
no ground for its being adopted by this Court * * *” and Lord West-
bury's statement, "I can only say that I am amazed that a man of my
intelligence should have been guilty of giving such an opinion.'
319 U. S. 624, 638.
10 319 U. S. 624, 642.
11 339 U. S. 382, 422, at 442–443.
12 340 U. S. 162, 176, at 178.
"
14
THR

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
190
"'He was one of the few Supreme Court Justices in our history
to take leave of absence from his judicial position in order to perform
for the United States an international mission. President Truman,
on May 2, 1945, six days before Germany's surrender, appointed him
by executive order, "as the Representative of the United States and
as its Chief of Counsel in preparing and prosecuting charges of
atrocities and war crimes against such of the leaders of the European
Axis powers and their principal agents and accessories as the United
States may agree with any of the United Nations to bring to trial before
an international military tribunal."
""This was a draft to service which Justice Jackson accepted as a
patriotic duty. It was a tremendous organizational problem, an
outstanding diplomatic responsibility, with the duty of preparing and
prosecuting a criminal trial unprecedented in history. If ever a man
literally gave his heart to the service of his country, Justice Jackson
gave his in that mission.
""He conducted the four-power negotiations in London with Great
Britain, the Provisional Government of France, and the Soviet Union,
resulting in the Agreement and Charter of August 8, 1945, denounc-
ing the plotting and waging of aggressive war as an international
crime and setting up the International Military Tribunal. He directed
for the United States the negotiations for the drafting of the indict-
ment filed with the Tribunal. He largely directed the combing of
the war-torn European Theater for the evidence and he took the lead-
ing part in the trial.
""This is neither the time nor the place to attempt a summary or
evaluation of the Nuremberg trial or of its place in history. Suffice
it here to say that it made Justice Robert H. Jackson a world figure.
His opening statement and his final summation to the Tribunal will
take high place in any history of forensic eloquence of the twentieth
century. His handling of the difficult international negotiations was
in the best tradition of American diplomacy.
"His introduction to a recent book on the Nuremberg trial,13
just off the press a few weeks before he died, was one of his last pub-
lished writings and contains his estimate of Nuremberg in retrospect.
In it he gave his own answers to the criticisms which have been
directed against that proceeding. He ended it with his personal,
ultimate conclusion, "that the hard months at Nuremberg were well
spent in the most important, enduring, and constructive work of my
life."
66
"Mr. Justice Jackson returned from Nuremberg covered with
honors from European countries. He was the guest of the government
13 Tyranny on Trial, by Whitney R. Harris, Southern Methodist University Press, Dallas,
1954.
313093-55--59
'
this
"

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
191
of Czechoslovakia in Prague, before the iron curtain closed around
that brave little country. He was the guest of the Austrian govern-
ment in Vienna. He was twice received for lengthy audiences by
Pope Pius XII. In April 1946, he addressed the French magistrates
and lawyers in Paris, on which occasion the Order of Advocates be-
stowed on him the medal which had been struck off in 1934 for the
leader of the French bar, former President Raymond Poincaré, who
had died before he could receive it. The magistrates of France also
awarded him a special medal. He was installed as an Honorary
Bencher of the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple of London.
The Cour de Cassation of Belgium, in solemn session, gave him its
second reception to an American citizen, the only other having been to
Ambassador Brand Whitlock. The University of Brussels conferred
on him the degree of Doctor of Laws, and the Prince Regent gave him
a state luncheon honoring his contribution to international law. He
was received and honored as guest of the governments of Norway,
Denmark, and Sweden.
"In this country degrees were showered upon him by colleges and
universities all over our land. President Truman awarded him the
Medal for Merit. He received another degree of Doctor of Laws from
the Ambassador of Poland, on behalf of the University of Warsaw.
The country lawyer who had no college or law degree ended with
perhaps as many honorary degrees as were ever received by any
member of the Supreme Court.
"'It should be recorded that when he assumed the judicial robe he
ceased to be a partisan and a representative of a particular school of
political philosophy. His devotion was to the law. He believed
in the law and in that element of stability embodied in the doctrine
of stare decisis. He was no hidebound follower of precedent and
said in one opinion, 14 "Of course, it is embarrassing to confess a
blunder; it may prove more embarrassing to adhere to it”—yet in
another, concerned at the Court's readiness to overturn its own prec-
edents, he tartly remarked, 15 "But I know of no way that we can
have equal justice under law except we have some law."
""His opinions show a deep concern over the difficult problem of
accommodating the sometimes conflicting purposes of maintaining
freedom of the individual and, at the same time, a stable order of
society under the reign of a rule of law. But he was generally on
the side of full application of the Bill of Rights until he was convinced
that the rule of law was seriously threatened.
""It is not easy to fit his thinking on the Constitution and the law
into labeled categories. He had written the Godkin Lectures, which
14 United States v. Bryan, 339 U. S. 323, 343, at 346.
15 Brown v. Allen, 344 U. S. 443, 532, at 546.
H
1
'

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
192
he was to have delivered at Harvard University this year. They
will soon be published and will set forth his principal views in his
own language.
""His basic political philosophy was one of moderation in the con-
duct of public affairs. His standards of public service and his funda-
mental ideas on the Constitution and the law, formed in simpler times
in the relative quiet of Jamestown, continued as guiding principles
throughout his life.
"One of his finest public utterances, showing his great capacity to
appreciate the high qualities of one representing a political philosophy
different from his own, was his eloquent tribute, as Attorney General,
to Mr. Justice Pierce Butler at the memorial services of the Court in
the latter's honor.16
66
""On April 24, 1916, in Albany, New York, he married Irene Alice
Gerhardt, daughter of Henry Gerhardt, a builder, of Kingston, New
York. Charming, cultured, gracious, devoted, she remained his com-
panion, inspiration and comfort throughout his career. She survives
him, as do their two children, William Eldred Jackson and Mary
Jackson Craighill, and five grandchildren. The children and grand-
children were devoted to him and he to them. William Eldred Jack-
son, who was his father's personal aide in London and in Nuremberg,
and his son-in-law, G. Bowdoin Craighill, Jr., are both practicing
lawyers.
"'We of the bar of the Supreme Court join the members of the
family in their grief and express to them our sympathy in their great
loss.
"Resolved, that the foregoing Minute be adopted; that a copy
of it be transmitted to the Attorney General of the United States for
presentation to the Court; and that the Chairman be directed to for-
ward copies of it to the widow and surviving members of the family
of Mr. Justice Robert Houghwout Jackson'."
Mr. Attorney General Brownell addressed the Court as follows:
"As we assemble today to honor the memory of Justice Robert
Houghwout Jackson, our sadness is lightened somewhat when we
recall the warmth of his personality, the depth of his scholarship,
and his great contributions to the science of the law and to the nation.
"Mere recital of the chronology of his life gives vivid color to the
unfolding of three great careers: trial lawyer, government adminis-
trator, and Supreme Court Justice.
"Born on a farm at Spring Creek, Pennsylvania, on February 13,
1892, his family moved to Frewsburg and, later, Jamestown, New
York, during his early years. His secondary education was com-
pleted in Jamestown and his formal legal education consisted of
10 310 U. S. xiii-xv.
1
il
K
"

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
193
one year of study at the Albany Law School. This abbreviated
course of formal study often prompted Robert Jackson to make
himself the butt of disparaging remarks about his untutored back-
ground. They served, however, quite unintentionally to sharpen the
awareness of the audience or reader that here was a man in the tradi-
tion of Lincoln who made his way from self-education in the law
to worldwide recognition as a brilliant scholar and jurist.
"In 1913, at the age of 21, Robert Jackson began the practice of
law in Jamestown. The passing years brought him deserved recog-
nition as an able advocate and sound counsellor. During these years,
his searching, receptive mind began to respond to his thirst for under-
standing of the many subjects making up well-rounded scholarship.
With his naturally keen mind, talent for expression, and abundant
energy, Robert Jackson was well on the way to distinction of the
highest order.
"His service for the State of New York in the early 1930's in the
investigation of the administration of justice in that State and in
directing the handling of the State's negotiable scrip program so
commended him for attention that he was called to Washington in
1934 to serve as General Counsel of the Bureau of Internal Revenue,
Treasury Department. He thus began a seven-year career in public
administration. In retrospect, it is easy to understand why high
achievement inevitably was to come. Strong, straight-forward, clear-
thinking, well-informed, and loyal, his outstanding talents were suc-
cessively pressed into the service of the nation through appointment
as Solicitor General of the United States in 1938, and as Attorney
General of the United States in 1940. As a well-seasoned trial
lawyer, with experience and soundness of judgment, his service in
those positions reflected great credit upon the offices and earned for
him eminent standing at the bar.
"It is said that he perhaps enjoyed the challenge and advocate's
duties as Solicitor General as much as any other he had ever under-
taken. During that period he presented argument to this Court in
a long series of cases which have left large and lasting imprint on
the pages of legal history. Among the prominent cases of that period,
which he argued with great skill, were those in which the Court
upheld the validity of the Tobacco Inspection Act of 1935, the
Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, 2 federal control of milk mar-
keting,³ as well as others which marked the assumption of larger
responsibilities by the federal government for the good of the nation.
1 Currin v. Wallace, 306 U. S. 1.
* Mulford v. Smith, 307 U. S. 38.
• United States v. Rock Royal Co-op., 307 U. S. 533.
h
พ.
ㄞˋ
HG
་
i

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
194
"In reference to this period of his life, Justice Jackson displayed
his ready wit and appreciation of the art of oral argument when he
remarked:
"'I used to say that, as Solicitor General, I made three arguments of
every case. First came the one that I planned-as I thought, logical,
coherent, complete. Second was the one actually presented-inter-
rupted, incoherent, disjointed, disappointing. The third was the
utterly devastating argument that I thought of after going to bed that
night.'
of
"On October 6, 1941, as the 87th appointee, Robert Jackson assumed
his place on the Court as Associate Justice. Here, in the final years
his life, the abundant learning and maturity of experience brought
lasting enrichment to the law.
"It is fitting that we of the profession so revered by Robert Jackson
should recount with pride and pleasing recollection a few excerpts
from his writings which reflect the force of his beliefs.
"Justice Jackson was a realist. To him, the law never rose above
the dignity of man. This was well illustrated by his first concurring
opinion, written less than two months after he took his seat on the
Court.
"In the Edwards case, the Court held invalid, as imposing an un-
constitutional burden upon interstate commerce, a provision of Cali-
fornia law which made it a crime to bring a nonresident indigent per-
son into the State. Though agreeing with the result, Justice Jackson
believed that the commerce clause had been invoked in a setting which
called for a more spirited and earthy expression of the rights of man.
He urged the Court to:
"***hold squarely that it is a privilege of citizenship of the
United States, protected from state abridgment, to enter any state of
the Union, either for temporary sojourn or for the establishment of
permanent residence therein and for gaining resultant citizenship
thereof. If national citizenship means less than this, it means noth-
ing.' 5
"Then, with characteristic clarity and vividness of expression, he
said:
""Unless this Court is willing to say that citizenship of the United
States means at least this much to the citizen, then our heritage of con-
stitutional privileges and immunities is only a promise to the ear to be
broken to the hope, a teasing illusion like a munificent bequest in a
pauper's will.' 6
"It is not the well-turned phrase, however, which earned for Justice
Jackson high respect and affectionate regard.
* Edwards v. California, 314 U. S. 160 (decided November 24, 1941).
* At p. 183.
* At p. 186.
TH
'

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
195
"His opinions are models of clarity. In the instance of each of these,
there was never the slightest doubt as to where Justice Jackson stood
and why. In agreement or in disagreement his position was abun-
dantly clear. In economic regulations, civil liberties, taxation, com-
merce, and in the many and varied constitutional problems before the
Court, Justice Jackson gave the same measure of directness and force-
ful expression.
"Easy to memory, for example, is his opinion for the court in the
West Virginia compulsory flag salute case, Board of Education v.
Barnette. As he there said:
"'If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that
no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in poli-
tics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens
to confess by word or act their faith therein.'
"In Haupt v. United States, Justice Jackson reflected his trial
training in dissecting the defendant's objections to the interpretation
reasonably to be given to factual events. Even in a charge of treason,
Justice Jackson noted, for the majority, that “it is not required that
testimony be so minute as to exclude every fantastic hypothesis that
can be suggested." 8
9
"And in his opinion, partly concurring and partly dissenting, in
the Douds case, Justice Jackson laid bare the evil design and pur-
poses of the Communist Party in such simple, but dramatic, terms
that any schoolboy could quickly understand the basic character of
the problem upon a quick reading.
"Action by the Government in proper areas of regulation, and
through proper means, found Justice Jackson ready to strike down
ill-founded attacks. But he was equally outspoken and determined
when legally offensive methods were used in the administration of the
law. Perhaps typical both of his directness and artistry in laying
bare the heart of a matter, is his statement in the Di Re 10 opinion
condemning an unlawful search and seizure:
***a search is not to be made legal by what it turns up. In law
it is good or bad when it starts and does not change character from
its success.'
"In other public expressions we also see the many facets of his in-
terests and personality. Justice Jackson's address at the American
Bar Center cornerstone Ceremony on November 2, 1953, reflects his
lifelong interest in the rules of law and the role of the lawyer and
judge in their administration. On that occasion, in discussing the
7319 U. S. 624, 642.
8 330 U. S. 631, 640.
• Communications Assn. v. Douds, 339 U. S. 382.
10 United States v. Di Re, 332 U. S. 581, 595.
1
B
'K
ད

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
196
responsibility of the bar in the administration of justice, he remarked:
'Cornerstones are commonplace unless they gain distinction from the
vision and faith of those who lay them.' He then set forth a standard
of moral accountability for the legal profession:
""Our profession is duty-bound to supply bold and imaginative
leadership to bring and keep justice within the reach of persons in
every condition of life, to devise processes better to secure men against
false accusation and society against crime and violence, and to pre-
serve not merely the forms of constitutional government but the spirit
of liberty under law as embodied in our Constitution.'
“One need look no further than Justice Jackson himself for an out-
standing example of the force and quality of leadership in the bar to
which he alluded. As one of the organizers of the Federation of Bar
Associations of Western New York in the 1920's, he continued his
strong interest in legal reforms and in maintaining the highest stand-
ards of ethics among lawyers until his death, when he was engaged in
an intensive analysis and search for reforms in our criminal law and
procedure.
"Even the briefest biographical reference of Robert Jackson must
underscore the warmth of his personality. Friendship was natural
to one of his capacity for understanding personal values and the large
margin for human error. Justice Jackson was always within reach
of people the high and the small. He was not above the common-
place in life. Indeed, his entire philosophy was related to the simple,
but inviolate rights of the little man. Here was dignity, but not cold-
ness. Compassion without mawkish sentimentality. Scholarship,
but not snobbery. Mention of the name of Robert Houghwout Jack-
son stimulates an immediate feeling of affectionate regard.
"A wonderful person-a great American-passed this way.
"May it please this Honorable Court: In the name of the lawyers
of this nation, and particularly of the Bar of this Court, I respectfully
request that the resolution presented to you in memory of the late
Justice Robert H. Jackson be accepted by you, and that it, together
with the chronicle of these proceedings, be ordered kept for all time
in the records of this Court."
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General:
"You have spoken of our Brother Jackson with great affection and
understanding. That your eloquent words are to become a permanent
record of his standing in his beloved profession and a lasting memorial
to his memory make them of particular significance to the Court. We
all share your sentiments. Tradition requires that I should respond
to your gracious words rather than another of his associates who knew
him personally and professionally much better than I, and who wit-
nessed more closely the processes of his brilliant mind. This perhaps
1
L
RP
א
"

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
197
is unfortunate, but by way of extenuation I say with all confidence
that I can match the affection of my associates for our Brother if not
their ability to record his many great qualities which could be fully
known only to those who were favored by long and intimate collabora-
tion with him. But all of us-even his successor who practiced at the
same bar and who served on the Court of Appeals of his circuit—
enjoyed that collaboration to a degree-some for many years, others
for a few, I for only one Court term.
"The others knew every facet of his distinguished career, but even
I had a unique, though transient, opportunity before coming to the
Court to gain a lasting impression of his strong character, his deep
convictions, and his understanding of people. For years, it was a
midsummer custom with him, as it has been with me, to make a trek
with congenial souls to a beautiful grove of giant Redwoods in my
native state. Here, removed from the stresses of everyday life, there
was opportunity for fellowship, reflection and an exchange of ideas.
that is rarely available to us in busy American life. In the presence
of these giants of the forest with their heads above the clouds, standing
serenely there since before the birth of Christ, man is equated to time,
size, and importance in the scheme of things. In that majestic setting,
through an occasional stroll on the mountainside or a swim in the
beautiful winding river or sitting around an evening campfire, I first
came to know the man we there affectionately called Bob Jackson.
In this relationship I acquired some insight into his mind and char-
acter that might not even be revealed in his daily work or in his formal
writings for the Court. It was a rewarding experience for me-one
I shall not forget.
"It often happens that men best reveal their character at such times
and also when writing informally of other people. A few days ago
my Brother Frankfurter called to my attention a delightful article
written by Justice Jackson more than a decade ago concerning what
he termed 'the disappearing country lawyer.' If time permitted, I
could with great profit to all of us read it from beginning to end be-
cause it is as character revealing as anything he has, to my knowledge,
written. I must at least read two passages from it. In paying his
respects to the country lawyer, which he always claimed to be, he
wrote:
""That lawyer has been an American institution-about the
same in South and North and East and West. Such a man under-
stands the structure of society and how its groups interlock and
interact, because he lives in a community so small that he can
keep it all in view. Lawyers in large cities do not know their
cities; they know their circles, and urban circles are apt to be
made up of those with a kindred outlook on life; but the circle
of the man from the small city or town is the whole community
門
1.
H

".
MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
198
and embraces persons of every outlook. He sees how this so-
ciety lives and works under the law and adjusts its conflicts by
its procedures. He knows how disordered and hopelessly un-
stable it would be without law. He knows that in this country
the administration of justice is based on law practice. Paper
"rights" are worth, when they are threatened, just what some
lawyer makes them worth. Civil liberties are those which some
lawyer, respected by his neighbors, will stand up to defend. Any
legal doctrine which fails to enlist the support of well regarded
lawyers will have no real sway in this country.'
"And then after reciting some of the human foibles of that species,
he wrote in summation:
""But he loved his profession, he had a real sense of dedication
to the administration of justice, he held his head high as a law-
yer, he rendered and exacted courtesy, honor, and straightfor-
wardness at the Bar. He respected the judicial office deeply, de-
manded the highest standards of competence and disinterested-
ness and dignity, despised all political use of or trifling with
judicial power, and had an affectionate regard for every man
who filled his exacting prescription of the just judge. The law
to him was like a religion, and its practice was more than a means
of support; it was a mission. He was not always popular in his
community, but he was respected. Unpopular minorities and
individuals often found in him their only mediator and advo-
cate. He was too independent to court the populace—he thought
of himself as a leader and lawgiver, not as a mouthpiece. He
"lived well, worked hard and died poor." Often his name was
in a generation or two forgotten. It was from this brotherhood
that America has drawn its statesmen and its judges. A free
and self-governing Republic stands as a monument for the little
known and unremembered as well as for the famous men of our
profession.'
"This could well be a summation of the life of Justice Jackson, both
in theory and in practice. There is, however, one exception. He is not
destined to be among those of whom he wrote ‘Often his name was in
a generation or two forgotten.' So long as America maintains the
fight for preservation of our constitutional freedoms, so long as free
men anywhere believe that the experiences of the past can be helpful
in solving the problems of their day, so long as the decisions of this
Court are regarded as a bulwark of human liberty, just so long will
the name of Robert H. Jackson be remembered for his high personal
character, his dedication to American principles, and his devotion
to duty. No finer remembrance than this could be left by any
American.
-
k

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
199
"And as the years roll by, generations of the town of his youth will
visit his resting place in the peaceful countryside near little Frews-
burg, which he loved so well, and there gather inspiration and strength
from his fine life and from the pride that he so often expressed of
being in their community-a 'country lawyer.' To this man-‘coun-
try lawyer,' statesman, jurist, and friend-we humbly pay homage
today.
"Let the Resolutions be spread upon the minutes of this Court."
Frank Myron Wright, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., David H. Harris, of
Newark, N. J., Gordon B. Davidson, of Louisville, Ky., William War-
field Ross, of Washington, D. C., Samuel Abrams, of Boston, Mass.,
Ward Laurent Tilly, of New Iberia, La., Samuel W. Strauss, of Cam-
den, N. J., and Marshall G. Kaplan, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Robert N. Simms, Jr.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel J. Ervin, Jr.; Ivan E. Barris, of Detroit,
Mich., and Joseph W. Louisell, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Thaddeus M. Machrowicz; Robert S. Burton, of Cleveland, Ohio, and
William Smith Burton, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Richard
S. T. Marsh; Edward D. Crocker, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. William S. Cheatham; Samuel E. Beecher, Jr., of Terre Haute,
Ind., and Frank Fisher, of Clinton, Ind., on motion of Mr. Will Shaf-
roth; Gordon O. Berg, of Ekalaka, Mont., Bernard P. Traynor, of
Austin, Tex., Peter Hill Beer, of New Orleans, La., Daniel O'Leary,
of Olympia, Wash., Wallace W. Shropshire, Jr., of Austin, Tex.,
James N. Ware, of Austin, Tex., and Peter Paul Zaremba, of Austin,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; Thomas W. Francis, of
New York, N. Y., and Adam Yarmolinsky, of Falls Church, Va., on
motion of Mr. Fowler Hamilton; John W. Herrick, of Fort Worth,
Tex., and Robert L. Ivy, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr.
William Lawrence McGovern; Howard Pendleton Rives, Jr., of
Clearwater, Fla., and Isaac Benjamin Krentzman, Jr., of Clearwater,
Fla., on motion of Mr. John J. O'Keefe; Yale L. Apter, of Bloomfield,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Charles W. Hagen; Charles Phineas Schwartz,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Philip B. Perlman; Sidney
Simandl, of Newark, N. J., Nathan A. Schanerman, of Newark, N. J.,
and Irving Silver, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Thomas B.
Lawrence; John Sartoga, of Clifton, N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Rotwein; Charles E. Townsend, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. J. Austin Stone; Joseph A. Kovarik, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel Lebowitz; John E. Perkins, of Baton Rouge,
La., on motion of Mr. George M. Johnson; Emile D. Neumann, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Elgood Edward Stephens; Sey-
mour John Ronald, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert Burett
Н
ら

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
200
Oliver, III; Irwin E. Kott, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Odell
Kominers; Benjamin J. Schultz, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Walter E. Gallagher; Frank L. Shigo, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Reid C. Tait; Eugene V. Clark, of Bennington, Vt.,
and Manfred W. Ehrich, Jr., of Bennington, Vt., on motion of Mr.
Edward Randolph Walton, Jr.; Marshall Perlin, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Frank Donner; Arthur Morse, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Morris Miller; George N. Hibben, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Leo Rosetta; Edward L. Marcus, of New Haven, Conn.,
on motion of Mr. Jerome Harvey Simonds; Frederick S. Hill, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; John B.
Wilson, of Pontiac, Mich., Farrell E. Roberts, of Pontiac, Mich., James
Joseph McNamara, of Seattle, Wash., L. C. Burch, Jr., of Pontiac,
Mich., Philip Frank Greco, of Detroit, Mich., Louis S. Bernadotte,
of Detroit, Mich., Ralph E. Helper, of Detroit, Mich., Joseph A.
Powers, of Detroit, Mich., Kleath A. Kembel, of Detroit, Mich., Paul
H. Kesselring, of Detroit, Mich., Henry C. Hajek, of Seattle, Wash.,
Frank M. Wiseman, of Detroit, Mich., Dudley W. Apps, of Detroit,
Mich., John A. Godfrey, of Seattle, Wash., John D. Blankinship, of
Seattle, Wash., F. M. M. Hally, of Detroit, Mich., A. Albert Sugar, of
Detroit, Mich., Ralph B. Taylor, of Detroit, Mich., Sidney L. Cohn,
of Detroit, Mich., Malcolm S. McLeod, of Seattle, Wash., Kenneth
John Olaf Selander, of Seattle, Wash., Raymond Royal, of Seattle,
Wash., F. Clifton Lind, of Wyandotte, Mich., Donald Earl Adams,
of Pontiac, Mich., and James Leo Hannam, of Portland, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee, were admitted to practice.
No. 104. United States of America, petitioner, v. Richard Isaac
Menasche. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit. Judgments of District Court and Court
of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Puerto Rico. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 48. Louis Shomberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 173. Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Richman Brothers Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United
tappl

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
201
States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Black concur. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 159. United States of America, appellant, v. Ernest King
Bramblett. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia. Judgment reversed and case remanded to said
District Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. The Chief Justice, Mr. Jus-
tice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 186. General Drivers, Warehousemen, and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per
Curiam: The judgment is reversed. Weber v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc.,
No. 97, October Term, 1954, decided March 28, 1955; Bus Employees
v. Wisconsin Board, 340 U. S. 383.
No. 394. In the Matter of Application of Ben G. Levy for Admis-
sion to Practice in United States District Court, Southern District of
Texas, petitioner. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The record in this
case discloses no sufficient grounds for the failure and refusal of the
District Court to grant petitioner's application for admission to the
bar of that Court. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is accord-
ingly reversed with direction to remand the cause to the District Court
for appropriate action in accordance with this order.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 566. Ward Transport, Inc., T. Clarence Bridge, and Harry W.
Bridge, d/b/a Bridge Brothers, et al., appellants, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the District of Colorado. Per
Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed.
No. 577. Painters' District Council No. 22, Brotherhood of Paint-
ers, Decorators, and Paperhangers of America (A. F. L.), et al.,

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
202
appellants, v. James Austin et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Michigan. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. 28 U. S. C. § 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by
28 U. S. C. § 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 581. Stanley G. Terry, appellant, v. City of Portland, Oregon,
Dorothy McCullough Lee, Individually and as Mayor of the City of
Portland, Oregon, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oregon.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. The motion of the
appellees to adjudge as damages double costs is denied.
No. 594. American Civil Liberties Union and Charles Liebman,
appellants, v. City of Chicago et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Illinois. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a final
judgment. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Harlan dissent.
No. 337. Alexander Norwood, Joseph F. Tunstall, and John E.
Smallwood, petitioners, v. Honorable William H. Kirkpatrick, etc.
The motion for leave to file brief of Dining Car Employees Union,
as amicus curiae, is denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tatao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. The motion for leave to file supplemental brief
on behalf of The Secretary of Labor, as amicus curiae, in response
to brief filed by The American Farm Bureau Federation is granted.
No. 561. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Aileen B. Randle.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 582. W. M. Olliff, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 583. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Patricia Ann
Kuntz, a Minor, petitioner, v. Robert J. Stackhouse and Irene Stack-
house, his wife. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 585. Dolcin Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
203
No. 598. Raymond Keith Skinner, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 603. Marion G. Denton and Valedia W. Denton, d/b/a Marden
Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 609. Henry S. Cato, petitioner, v. Cyrus E. Silling, Sr. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West
Virginia denied.
No. 612. Scottie Alton Alsup, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 613. Jack Kalpakoff, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 620. R. A. Rogers, also known as Roy A. Rogers, petitioner, v.
Noel S. Alton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 478. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 506. Thomas Alfred Tamblyn, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 386, Misc. W. A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 97, Misc. Don Jesse Neal, petitioner, v. George Beckstead,
Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 270, Misc. Don Jesse Neal, petitioner, v. Marcell Graham,
Warden of the Utah State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 419, Misc. Milne McBride, petitioner, v. H. O. Teets, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 468, Misc. Roy C. Swails, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
"

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1955
204
No. 472, Misc. Angelo Michael Gennaitte, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 474, Misc. James Bolden, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 486, Misc. James Elbert Wilson, petitioner, v. State of Dela-
ware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Dela-
ware denied.
No. 470, Misc. In the Matter of Joseph B. Judd, Jr., petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief Jus-
tice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pursuant
to Title 28, United States Code, § 42, and that such allotment be
entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, John M. Harlan, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Sherman Minton, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
The Court will take a recess from Tuesday, April 5th, until Monday,
April 11th, next.
No. 8. Thomas Quinn, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 9. Julius Emspak, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Reargument in No. 9 and argument in No. 8 commenced by Mr. David
Scribner and continued by Mr. Frank J. Donner for the petitioners
and by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 8 (and
9) and 117.
Х
"
RIN
+34
B

TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1955
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan,
Seymour J. Rubin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman;
Morton Jay Marks, of Warren, R. I., on motion of Mr. Theodore
Francis Green; Martin J. Ward, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. John J. Courtney; and Robert A. McDowell, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William H. Timbers, were admitted to
practice.
No. 8. Thomas Quinn, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 9. Julius Emspak, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Reargument in No. 9 and argument in No. 8 concluded by Mr. Robert
W. Ginnane for the respondent.
No. 117. Philip Bart, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. James T. Wright and Mr. A. L. Wirin for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 11, will be as follows: Nos. 1, 5,
4, 2, and 3.
Х
313093-55-60

206
tb
MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Samuel Handloff, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Donald Craven; Thomas Jefferson Tubb, of West Point, Miss., on
motion of Mr. James Plemon Coleman; Edward F. Boardman, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Richard W. Ervin; Kenneth Cart-
right Patty, of Richmond, Va., Clarence Flippo Hicks, of Port
Royal, Va., Francis C. Lee, of Richmond, Va., and Moses Harris
Parker, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Lindsay Almond, Jr.;
Billy E. Lee, of Houston, Tex., and Burnell Waldrep, of Clarksville,
Tex., on motion of Mr. John Ben Shepperd; Louis L. Brown, of Fort
Valley, Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert Wright Wesley; Billy Jones, of
East St. Louis, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles S. Scott; C. Ferdinand
Sybert, of Elkridge, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon
E. Sobeloff; Leonard Michaelson, of Washington, D. C., Karl W.
Flocks, of Washington, D. C., and Elliott L. Biskind, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alvin Browdy; Meredith Hugh Thompson, of
Durham, N. C., on motion of Mr. Thurgood Marshall; Leon P. Harris,
of Charlotte, N. C., on motion of Mr. Oliver W. Hill, Sr.; Robert
Nicholas Hawes, of Washington, D. C., and Bernard Reiter, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. John A. Gosnell; Jay Byron Brown, of
Shamrock, Tex., John Vencil Davies, of Yankton, S. Dak., Edward
R. Dellinger, Jr., of Brentwood, Mo., Billy S. Holland, of Lexington,
Va., Jesse Oliver Bryan IV, of Greenville, Ala., Gordon G. Oldham,
Jr., of Leesburg, Fla., William Garner Beanland, of Oxford, Miss.,
Carroll William Kelley, of Lynn, Mass., Curtis Rich Boisfontaine, of
New Orleans, La., and George Oren Hanford, of Washingtonville,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; and William T. Cole-
man, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman, were
admitted to practice.
No. 337. Alexander Norwood, Joseph F. Tunstall, and John E.
Smallwood, petitioners, v. Honorable William H. Kirkpatrick, etc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed and case remanded to the Court
of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by
313093-55-61

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
207
Mr. Justice Clark in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 261. Elizabeth R. Granville-Smith, petitioner, v. Edward
Granville-Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the Virgin Islands. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark in
which Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed join. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 191. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
Panoma Corporation and the Corporation Commission of the State
of Oklahoma; and
No. 321. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
The Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al.
Appeals from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: In
these cases Oklahoma has attempted to fix a minimum price to be paid
for natural gas, after its production and gathering has ended, by a
company which transports the gas for resale in interstate commerce.
We held in Phillips Petroleum Co. v. Wisconsin, 347 U. S. 672, that
such a sale and transportation cannot be regulated by a State but are
subject to the exclusive regulation of the Federal Power Commission.
The Phillips case, therefore, controls this one.
We disagree with the contention of the respondents that Cities
Service Gas Co. v. Peerless Oil and Gas Co., 340 U. S. 179, and Phillips
Petroleum Co. v. Oklahoma, 340 U. S. 190, are applicable here. In
those cases we were dealing with constitutional questions and not the
construction of the Natural Gas Act. The latter question was
specifically not passed upon in those cases. Reversed.
Mr. Justice Douglas, being of opinion that State regulation of price
is permissible until the Federal price regulation permitted by Phillips
Petroleum Co. v. Wisconsin, 347 U. S. 672, is imposed, dissents.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 302. Anthony J. Parissi, petitioner, v. Telechron, Inc., and
General Electric Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment
is reversed. The petitioner's notice of appeal to the Court of Appeals
from a judgment of the District Court for the Northern District of
New York, together with his appeal bond, was received at the office
of the Clerk of the District Court within 30 days prescribed by 28

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
208
U. S. C. § 2107 for filing a notice of appeal. In dispatching these
papers the petitioner inadvertently failed to include the $5 fee required
by 28 U. S. C. § 1917 to be paid "upon the filing" of a notice of appeal.
The Clerk notified the petitioner of his omission, and declined to "file"
the notice of appeal until he received the $5 fee three or four days later.
By that time the 30-day period for appeal had expired. Upon peti-
tioner's motion the District Court made a nunc pro tunc order accord-
ing the notice of appeal a filing date as of the date it was originally
received by the Clerk.
The Court of Appeals, without opinion, dismissed the appeal as
untimely. We think that the Clerk's receipt of the notice of appeal
within 30-day period satisfied the requirements of § 2107, and that
untimely payment of the § 1917 fee did not vitiate the validity of
petitioner's notice of appeal. Anything to the contrary in such cases
as Mondakota Gas Co. v. Montana-Dakota Utilities Co., 194 F. 2d
705 (C. A. 9th Cir. 1952), we disapprove. Our conclusion does not
leave § 1917 without other sanctions.
No. 333. Anthony Pino, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Per Curiam: On the record here we are unable to say that the convic-
tion has attained such finality as to support an order of deportation
within the contemplation of § 241 of the Immigration and Nationality
Act. The judgment is reversed.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 213. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judg-
ments are affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 584. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission and
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Per
Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed.
121
:
h
'

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
209
No. 600. W. J. Dillner Transfer Company, appellant, v. Penn-
sylvania Public Utility Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District; and
No. 601. W. J. Dillner Transfer Company, appellant, v. Pennsyl-
vania Public Utility Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District. Per Curiam: The motions
to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a
substantial Federal question.
No. 611. Jack Lazar, appellant, v. The State of Oklahoma. Appeal
from the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial Federal question.
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tadao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. Motion of Waialua Agricultural Company for
leave to file memorandum granted.
No. 376. John P. Peters, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby et al.
Motion of the Congress of Industrial Organizations for leave to appear
and present oral argument, as amicus curiae, denied.
No.. In re Geo. Anastaplo. Motion for leave to file application
for admission to the Bar of the United States Supreme Court denied.
No. 625. United States of America, petitioner, v. Abraham Minker.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 399, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Stephen J.
Herman, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy, Warden. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
granted and case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 587. The G. & P. Amusement Company, petitioner, v. Regent
Theater Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 602. Leslie H. Jamouneau, petitioner, v. Claire E. Harner,
Essex County Rent Control Board, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 607. Harlan Grimes, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Maynard et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Tenth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
15j

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
210
No. 610. Stockton Harbor Industrial Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 618. W. F. Edwards and L. C. Edwards, Jr., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Aubrey H. Wright. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 621. George R. Davis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 622. Alpha Silk Company, Bear Brand Hosiery Company,
Cohn-Hall-Marx Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 631. Consolidated Freightways, Inc., petitioner, v. United
Truck Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 641. Whitin Machine Works, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 669. George C. Finn and Charles C. Finn, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 608. State of Oklahoma, on the Relation of Gertrude Grimes,
et al., petitioner, v. The Board of Education of the City of Oklahoma
City of the State of Oklahoma, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma and for other relief denied.
No. 627. Shanks Village Residents Association, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Albert M. Cole, Individually and as Administrator of the
Housing and Home Finance Agency. Motion to dispense with print-
ing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 630. Bard-Parker Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 7. Wilburn Boat Company et al., petitioners, v. Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company;

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
211
No. 518. Aircooled Motors, Inc., appellant, v. Arthur F. Williams;
No. 530. LeRoy Smalls, Charles Bright, and Eva G. Mitchel,
Administratrix of the Estate of Benjamin Mitchel, Deceased, peti-
tioners v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company;
No. 532. In re George Anastaplo, appellant;
No. 571. Mollie Sawyer, petitioner, v. Robert T. Stevens, Secretary
of the Army, et al.;
No. 132, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. State of Michigan
et al.; and
No. 332, Misc. Edward L. Bradley, petitioner, v. Howard Univer-
sity et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 242, Misc. Arthur Robinson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 308, Misc. Duke Chauncey Winston, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 402, Misc. Leonard J. Beasley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 414, Misc. Harding D. Pruitt, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 435, Misc. Mack C. Lewis, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 504, Misc. John Henry Tune, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al. Argued by Mr. Harold R. Fatzer for the appellees
and by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellants.
No. 5. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an infant, by her
Guardian Ad Litem, Ethel Belton, et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph
Donald Craven for the petitioners and by Mr. Louis L. Redding for
the respondents.
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al. Argued by Mr. George E. C. Hayes and Mr. James M.
'
"
"
is

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1955
212
'
Nabrit, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. Milton D. Korman for the
respondents.
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District No. 22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.; and
No. 3. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward County,
Virginia, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Spottswood W. Robin-
son, III, for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 12, will be as follows: Nos. 2
(and 3).

TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1955
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Thomas E. Kelly, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Will
Shafroth; S. Baer Keidan, of Detroit, Mich., and Delmer L. Cleland,
of Port Huron, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur M. Brucker; John F.
Gerity, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.;
and William L. Colden, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. George
E. C. Hayes, were admitted to practice.
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.; and
No. 3. Dorothoy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davi
etc., et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edwar
County, Virginia, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Thurgood
Marshall for the appellants, by Mr. S. E. Rogers and Mr. Robert
McC. Figg, Jr., for the appellees in No. 2, by Mr. Archibald G.
Robertson and Mr. J. Lindsay Almond, Jr., for the appellees in No.
3, and concluded by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for the appellants.
No. 1. Oliver Brown, Mr. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al.;
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.;
No. 3. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis,
etc., et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward
County, Virginia, et al.;
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al.; and
No. 5. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by her
Guardian Ad Litem, Ethel Belton, et al. Argument for the amici
curiae commenced by Mr. Richard W. Ervin for the State of Florida,
313093-55-62
་ ་་

TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1955
214
continued by Mr. Ralph E. Odum for the State of Florida, and con-
tinued by Mr. I. Beverly Lake for the State of North Carolina.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 13, will be as follows: Nos. 1
(2, 3, 4, and 5).
"
+
.

215
-།
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
John Radley, of Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson;
Daniel J. Freed, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert
A. Bergson; Richard W. Fitch, Jr., of Stamford, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Morton S. Jaffe; W. Harwood Huffcut, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward Gallagher; George C. Bolles, Jr.,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Odum; and A. Matthew
Buder, of Flint, Mich., on motion of Mr. Frank G. Millard, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 1. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al.;
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District No. 22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.;
No. 3. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward County,
Virginia, et al.;
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al.; and
No. 5. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by her
Guardian Ad Litem, Ethel Belton, et al. Argument for the amici
curiae continued by Mr. I. Beverly Lake for the State of North Caro-
lina, by Mr. Thomas J. Gentry for the State of Arkansas, by Mr. Mac
Q. Williamson for the State of Oklahoma, by Mr. C. Ferdinand Sy-
bert for the State of Maryland, by Mr. John Ben Shepperd and Mr.
Burnell Waldrep for the State of Texas, and continued by Mr. Solici-
tor General Sobeloff for the United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 14, will be as follows: Nos. 1 (2,
3, 4, and 5).
Х
313093-55-63

THURSDAY APRIL 14, 1955
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
E. Freeman Leverett, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert
Howell Hall, was admitted to practice.
No. 1. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mr. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al.;
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al.;
No. 3. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward County,
Virginia, et al.;
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al.; and
No. 5. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by her
Guardian Ad Litem, Ethel Belton, et al. Argument for the amici
curiae concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the United
States. Mr. Thurgood Marshall, for the appellants in Nos. 1, 2, and
3, the petitioners in No. 4 and the respondents in No. 5, replied to the
arguments of the amici curiae.
Adjourned until Monday, April 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 18, will be as follows: Nos. 412,
10, and 417.
✓
A
'
51
"
313093-55--64
"

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1955
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Alex Berman, of Louisville, Ky., Jacob Levy, of Boston, Mass.,
Harold Forgang, of Newark, N. J., Irven Gilbert, of Chicago, Ill., Lee
V. Prisock, of Jackson, Miss., Lionel Kestenbaum, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Donald C. Osmond, of Cambridge, Mass., and W. Robert Carr, of
Princeton, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobe-
loff; Roland L. House, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. George
H. Mahon; J. Howard Edmondson, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Edmond A. Edmondson, Jr.; James H. McGlothlin, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian; Armistead I. Selden, Jr.,
of Greensboro, Ala., and Edward L. Colebeck, of Florence, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Albert M. Rains; Ralph A. Franco, of Montgomery,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Francis Joseph Horan, of
New York, N. Y., and Harlan Edward Cecil, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; James F. Carroll, of Saratoga
Springs, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; Roland V. Wit-
tenberg, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge vom
Baur; David W. Walters, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. David Car-
liner; William D. Crampton, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
R. G. de Quevedo; Herbert Burstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Joseph Rotwein; Lewis S. Beers, of Philipsburg, N. J., Clar-
ence W. Beers, of Phillipsburg, N. J., and James A. Tirrell, Jr., of
Phillipsburg, N. J., on motion of Mr. John A. Ryan; Roy C. Cobb,
of Gaffney, S. C., on motion of Mr. Robert H. Cobb; William Reuben
Ellis, of Springfield, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Belford Vance Lawson,
Jr.; Marvin Sherk Sloman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
James Joseph Bierbower; Arthur H. Christy, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. John S. Walker; M. Q. Sharpe, of Kennebec, S. D., on
motion of Mr. Ralph H. Case; Delmar A. Christensen, of Akron, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Bryce Rea, Jr.; Edward D. Courtney, of Duluth,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Max M. Kampelman; Raymond Louis Bren-
nan, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Rollin Lee McNitt, Jr., of Whittier,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Ugene U. Blalock; Paul J. Varner, of Darien,
Ga., on motion of Mr. George Cabell Busick; Roehm A. West, Jr., of
Tulsa, Okla., Harold Galen Wilson, of Buffalo, N. Y., Dale J. Briggs,
of Tulsa, Okla., Walter Freienmuth Rudeloff, of San Antonio, Tex.,
313093-55-65

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1955
218
Edward L. Glazer, of New York, N. Y., Richard W. Carpenter, of
Tulsa, Okla., Walter I. Hanson, of Tulsa, Okla., Philip B. Polster, of
St. Louis, Mo., Horace Sterling Smith, of Tulsa, Okla., James W. Dur-
ham, of St. Louis, Mo., Albert E. Cunliff, of St. Louis, Mo., and John
B. Busch, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee;
Jack Ramsey Parr, of Edmond, Okla., Elliott C. Fenton, of Okla-
homa City, Okla., Charles E. Earnheart, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Wayne H. Lewis, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Lloyd Hines, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., Charles Douglas Van Dyck, Jr., of Chickasha, Okla.,
Robert O. Bailey, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Leon Gilbreath Keys, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., James E. Horigan, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Edward J. Fauss, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Calvin W. Hendrickson,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., and Raymond Gramlich, of Oklahoma City,
Okla., on motion of Mr. William O. Coe, were admitted to practice.
,
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 320. Michigan-Wisconsin Pipe Line Company, appellant, v.
The Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al.; and
No. 322. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma et al. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: Judgments re-
versed. Natural Gas Pipeline Company v. Panoma Corporation et al..
Nos. 191 and 321, October Term, 1954, decided April 11, 1955. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 588. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
Mississippi Public Service Commission et al.; and
No. 589. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Missis-
sippi Public Service Commission et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi. Per
Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed dissents.
No. 604. Douglas McKay, Secretary of the Interior, and Ezra Taft
Benson, Secretary of Agriculture, petitioners, v. Clackamas County,
Oregon. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court
of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court
with instructions to dismiss the proceeding upon the ground that the
cause is moot. Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent.

A
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1955
219
No. 605. West Edmond Hunton Lime Unit, a Body Politic and
Corporate, appellant, v. J. M. Young and Kate Young. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 695. National Union of Marine Cooks and Stewards and Inter-
national Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union, petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board et al. The application for a stay is
denied.
No. 593. Perpetual Building and Loan Association, etc., petitioner,
v. Series Directors of Equitable Building and Loan Association et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 626. Eugene Kormuth, petitioner, v. United States Steel Com-
pany, Hillman Coal & Coke Company, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 632. Ann B. Roseman Lloyd, petitioner, v. Robert W. Camp-
bell, Executor of the Estate of Charles E. Roseman, Jr., Deceased,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 633. Daniel A. Desmond petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 637. F. R. Pellicer, Individually on Behalf of Himself and as
an Employee of Railway Express Agency, Inc., etc., petitioner, v.
Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers,
Express and Station Employees, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 638. Benton, Columbia, Coos Counties, et al., Oregon, petition-
ers, v. Clackamas County, Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 639. Matson Navigation Company, petitioner, v. Henry C.
Lawler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 642. Joseph Doto, also known as Joe Adonis, petitioner, v.
State of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New Jersey denied.
1
te

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1955
220
No. 666. Record Publishing Company of Erie, petitioner, v. David
Ralph Hertz and Samuel A. Horvitz. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 636. John C. Bruswitz and Edward C. Koenke, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 30. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
Republic of China et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 153. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Drexel
and Company. The opinion of the Court handed down February 28,
1955, is amended by adding the following footnote at the end of the
first full paragraph on page 4 of the slip opinion:
A petition for rehearing states that Electric is not a "public utility
company" within the meaning of the Act and therefore § 12 (d) is
inapplicable. We do not prejudice that position by this opinion, for
whether or not Electric is a "public utility company," § 12 of the Act
is concededly applicable. § 12 (c) provides:
"It shall be unlawful for any registered holding company or any
subsidiary company thereof, by use of the mails or any means or
instrumentality of interstate commerce, or otherwise, to declare or
pay any dividend on any security of such company or to acquire,
retire, or redeem any security of such company, in contravention of
such rules and regulations or orders as the Commission deems neces-
sary or appropriate to protect the financial integrity of companies
in holding-company systems, to safeguard the working capital of
public-utility companies, to prevent the payment of dividends out of
capital or unearned surplus, or to prevent the circumvention of the
provisions of this chapter or the rules, regulations, or orders there-
under."
§ 12 (f) provides:
"It shall be unlawful for any registered holding company or sub-
sidiary company thereof, by use of the mails or any means or instru-
mentality of interstate commerce, or otherwise, to negotiate, enter
into, or take any step in the performance of any transaction not other-
wise unlawful under this chapter, with any company in the same hold-
ing-company system or with any affiliate of a company in such hold-
ing-company system in contravention of such rules and regulations
or orders regarding reports, accounts, costs, maintenance of competi-
ધ

MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1955
221
tive conditions, disclosure of interest, duration of contracts, and
similar matters as the Commission deems necessary or appropriate
in the public interest or for the protection of investors or consumers
or to prevent the circumvention of the provisions of this chapter or
the rules and regulations thereunder."
The broad powers granted the Commission under these provisions
are plainly adequate to give it the control it reserved in this case over
the fees incident to the exchange of the old securities.
No. 153. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Drexel
and Company. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 320, Misc. Brogie Norris, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ments in the cases listed for hearing this week.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 25, until Monday,
May 9, next.
No. 412. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Argued
by Mr. Eugene Gressman, as amicus curiae, in support of the petitioner
by invitation of the Court and by Mr. E. Freeman Leverett and Mr.
Robert H. Hall for the respondent, and submitted on brief by Mr.
Carter Goode, counsel for the petitioner.
No. 10. The United States, petitioner, v. Olympic Radio and Tele-
vision, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral H. Brian Holland for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Fred-
erick R. Tansill for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos. 10,
417, 376, and 405.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1955
222
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Arthur E. Lebovitz, of Maplewood, N. J., and David Albert Adel-
man, of Maplewood, N. J., on motion of Mr. Leonard J. Emmerglick;
Barney Papkin, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr. Geo. Henry
Potter: Ezra Parkinson Monson, of Blackfoot, Idaho, on motion of
Mr. Addison T. Smith; Carroll Thomas Prince, Jr., of Mobile, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Carroll T. Prince; R. Patrick West, of Columbus,
Ohio, and William Ernest Rathman, of Middletown, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Charles A. Webb; Frederick Perl Pickard, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Elcanon Isaacs; Charles W. Jones, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. William L. Colden; John N. Shephard, of
Monterey, Calif., on motion of Mr. Milton V. Freeman; Wendell
Holmes McCulloch, Jr., of Bowling Green, Ky., on motion of Mr.
Harry E. Taylor, Jr.; and Paul O. Proehl, of Harvey, Ill., on motion
of Mr. H. Charles Ephraim, were admitted to practice.
No. 10. The United States, petitioner, v. Olympic Radio and Tele-
vision, Inc. Argument concluded by Mr. Frederick R. Tansill for the
respondent.
No. 417. Lewyt Corporation (now known as Lewyt Manufacturing
Corporation), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argued by Mr. Seymour Sheriff for the petitioner and by Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Holland for the respondent.
No. 376. John P. Peters, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby et al.
Argued by Mr. Thurman Arnold and Mr. Paul A. Porter for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Burger for the re-
spondents. Additional briefs to come by Thursday.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 20, will be as follows: Nos. 405,
20, 451, and 468.
☑
313093-55-66
$

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1955
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Brice Wilson Rhyne, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Otto F. Petersen, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Albert H. Bosch; Harry C. Ames, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Harry Clifton Ames; Gerald A. Sams, of
Nowata, Okla., on motion of Mr. Carl E. Williamson; James Robert
Lacey, of Newark, N. J., and Joseph Howard Stamler, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Congleton; William Tobin Meyers,
of Elgin, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles Frederick Meyers; James
Franklin Chapman, of Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Carl G.
Lutz; Gerald W. Davis, of Lincoln, Nebr., and Warren E. Van Nor-
man, of Oshkosh, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis; Frederick
S. Albrink, of Napoleon, Ohio, and Robert Frank Milota, Sr., of
Cedar Rapids, Iowa, on motion of Mr. J. Fielding Jones; Ellsworth
Martin Jennison, of Washington, D. C., John Howard Lewis, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., and Philip J. R. Equi, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. William E. Beck, Jr.; Russell S. Noblet, of Maryville, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Rolla C. Van Kirk; Leopold Frankel, of Paterson,
N. J., on motion of Mr. John A. Selby; Myron E. Ropella, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; Roberson Lloyd
King, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. Waddy; David
Winship Tibbott, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Alvis Yates
Dowell; Julius Helfand, of New York, N. Y., and Jerome C. Ditore,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel T. Scannell; John T.
DeGraff, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul C. Warnke; and
Edward Savage, Jr., of Wood Acres, Md., George W. Markey, Jr.,
of New York, N. Y., Lawrence E. Chermak, of Washington, D. C.,
Frederick Sass, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Daniel P. Byrnes, of Washing-
ton, D. C., Vladimir J. Szarek, of De Land, Fla., George W. F. Cook,
of Washington, D. C., William L. Brown, of Fairfax, Va., Jerome M.
Simon, of New York, N. Y., John H. Martin, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph
P. Lynch, of Melrose, Mass., Denis T. O'Sullivan, of Niagara Falls,
N. Y., Theodore C. Osborne, of Washington, D. C., Christian L.
Swartz, of Arlington, Va., and Norman L. Arenander, of Arlington,
Va., on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge vom Baur, were admitted to
practice.
313093-55- -67
1

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1955
224
No. 405. In the Matters of Lee Roy Murchison and John White,
petitioners. Argued by Mr. William L. Colden for the petitioners
and by Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd for the respondent.
No. 20. James R. Ellis, as President of the Yonkers Committee for
Peace, an Unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. William Dixon
et al., as Members of the Board of Education of the City of Yonkers,
etc. Reargued by Mr. Emanuel Redfield for the petitioner, by Mr.
Daniel T. Scannell for the City of New York, as amicus curiae, and
by Mr. J. Raymond Hannon for the respondents.
No. 451. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Allen-
town Broadcasting Corp. Argument commenced by Mr. Warren E.
Baker for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Donald C. Beeler for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 21, will be as follows: Nos. 451,
468, 145, and 616.
☑
AST

THURSDAY, APRIL 21, 1955
225
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Frank L. Lampson, of Cumberland, Wis., and Larry D. Gilbertson,
of Black River Falls, Wis., on motion of Mr. Alexander Wiley; Don-
nell Knox Wolverton, of Camden, N. J., and James P. McCracken, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Chas. A. Wolverton; Sally Butler,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner; Ralph O.
Johnson, of Pahokee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; William
H. Speck, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth;
Gordon Griffin, of Brownwood, Tex., on motion of Mr. O. Clark
Fisher; Gordon Griffin, Jr., of Brownwood, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Gray Thoron; Julian O. von Kalinowski, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
William Dan Files, of Bastrop, La., on motion of Mr. Jo. V. Morgan,
Jr.; John H. Hendren, Jr., of Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Arthur W. Manley; Adolphus Moskovitz, of Sacramento, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; and John Horace Little, of
Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Lloyd Symington, were admitted to
practice.
No. 451. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Allen-
town Broadcasting Corp. Argument continued by Mr. Donald C.
Beeler for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Warren E. Baker for
the petitioner.
No. 468. Robert Cecil Bell, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. James R. Browning for the petitioner and by Mr.
Charles F. Barber for the respondent.
No. 145. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. John M. Bonds, Officer in
Charge, U. S. Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argument
commenced by Mr. Jack Wasserman for the petitioner, and continued
by Mr. David Carliner for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert W. Gin-
nane for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 145 and
616.
✓
313093-55- -68
10
•

FRIDAY, APRIL 22, 1955
226
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Meyer H. Goldstein, of Chicago, Ill., and Laurence A. Kusek, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; and George M.
Washington, of Billings, Mont., on motion of Mr. David Walker Rich-
mond, were admitted to practice.
No. 145. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. John M. Bonds, Officer in
Charge, U. S. Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argument
concluded by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the respondent.
No. 616. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. United States
ex rel. Joseph Accardi. Argued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the
petitioner and by Mr. Jack Wasserman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
313093-55--69
甜
1
12

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
227
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Nathan Temple Isquith, of New York, N. Y., Paul P. Preston, of
Chicago, Ill., Arnold Nagler, of Chicago, Ill., Alan Sayre Rosenthal,
of New York, N. Y., and Joseph Rockhill Gray, of Lebanon, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; W. Blair
Gibbens, of Santa Monica, Calif., Milton H. Silverberg, of Long
Beach, Calif., Lowell L. Dryden, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Stanley N. Barnes; James Michael Haynes, of Knoxville, Tenn.,
and W. Hoyle Campbell, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes
Kefauver; Thomas E. Creighton, of Denver, Colo., Robert Foster
May, of Denver, Colo., Clarence R. Geyer, of Denver, Colo., Robert
H. B. Kiley, of Denver, Colo., F. J. Kretschmer, of Denver, Colo.,
and Lucius Earl Woods, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron
G. Rogers; Dorothy Deane Ferguson, of Richmond, Va., and David
J. Gatzenmeier, of Newport, R. I., on motion of Mr. T. Ellis Allison;
John G. O'Brien, of Washington, D. C., and Merle C. Rideout, Jr.,
of Cape Elizabeth, Maine, on motion of Mr. Charles T. Akre; Myer
H. Gladstone, of Chicago, Ill., and Mark J. Satter, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Irving Geiger; DonEden Olsen Powell, of New
York, N. Y., and Richard G. Powell, of New York, N. Y., on motion.
of Mr. Franklin M. Schultz; Howard N. Golden, of New York, N. Y.,
and Ralph Wienshienk, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Albert
J. Rosenthal; B. Bill Murad, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Milton Rygh,
of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart French; William H.
Gleason, of Eau Gallie, Fla., and William Alvin Hamilton, of Jack-
sonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. F. Cleveland Hedrick, Jr.; Charles
W. Ficke, of New York, N. Y., Edward J. Schmuck, of Washington,
D. C., Dominick A. DeRogatis, of New York, N. Y., and Richard L.
Walsh, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Raysor;
Elmer L. Steinbock, of New York, N. Y., William J. Tropp, of New
York, N. Y., and Arthur B. Rosenkrantz, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Leo E. Berson; Kenneth Kendall Koenig, of Jersey
City, N. J., Gerald L. Stoetzer, of Detroit, Mich., and H. William
Butler, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Jacob E. Max; Delbert M.
Draper, Jr., of Salt Lake City, Utah, Rex J. Hanson of Salt Lake
City, Utah, La Var E. Stark, of Ogden, Utah, Louis E. Midgley, of
313093-55-70
il per
1

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
228
Salt Lake City, Utah, and Peter M. Lowe, of Salt Lake City, Utah,
on motion of Mr. Joseph Severn Jones; Edward L. Jennings, of
Liberty, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Joe Landon Evins; Pierre A. Frye,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Frank
H. Getter, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Michael Waris, Jr.;
Samuel G. Smilow, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Max
Kampelman; Gayle James Barnett, of Arlington, Va., on motion of
Mr. William F. McKenna; Alexander Black, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. David Walker Richmond; Theodore Haugh, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Wendell Burton Barnes; James
J. Kelley, Jr., of Monroe, Mich., on motion of Mr. Edward J. Hayes;
Elizabeth I. Johnston, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mrs. Caribel
Finger Sternbergh; Mary Alice McConnel, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; Paul Macdonald, of Darien,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Alfred C. B. McNevin; Richard B. Tolins,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nicholas J. Chase; James
Andrew McLendon, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Belford Vance
Lawson, Jr.; Joseph Charles Gribbin, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Joseph Alexander Kaufmann; Armand Cifelli, of Trumbull,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Redding; Martin Goodman, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard W. Lewis; Donald C.
McClelland, Jr., of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Labre R. Garcia;
Louis Rosenzweig, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Eugene Gress-
man; William B. Lawless, Jr., of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Eugene F. Mullin, Jr.; Alice Kupferman Helm, of New York, N. Y.,
Stephen L. Hoffman, of New York, N. Y., Benjamin E. Alter, of New
York, N. Y., Joseph V. Spagna, of New York, N. Y., Paul Rutheiser,
of New York, N. Y., Arthur V. Selig, of New York, N. Y., Carl J.
Heyser, Jr., of Stony Brook, N. Y., James F. Dunn, of New York,
N. Y., Morton Zuckerman, of New York, N. Y., Mortimer E. Greif,
of New York, N. Y., Philip F. Barbanell, of New York, N. Y., Paul
Colvin, of Dover, N. J., Harry Buchman, of New York, N. Y., Edward
E. Colton, of New York, N. Y., Lester Lichter, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Werner Rosenberg, of New York, N. Y., Ruth Whitehead Whaley,
of New York, N. Y., Max K. Lerner, of New York, N. Y., Philip
L. Winter, of New York, N. Y., Jane M. Sullivan, of Northport,
N. Y., Charles H. Sullivan, of Northport, N. Y., Leroy Mandle, of
New York, N. Y., Joseph J. Kozinn, of New York, N. Y., Philip
S. Guttentag, of New York, N. Y., Irving Jay Greenspan, of New
York, N. Y., Murray J. Chikofsky, of New York, N. Y., Robert
Reuben Sugarman, of New York, N. Y., Alvin A. Bers, of New York,
N. Y., Isidor Bleich, of New York, N. Y., William Tucker, of New
York, N. Y., Harvey Greenfield, of New York, N. Y., Emanuel
Schoenzeit, of New York, N. Y., Robert Silagi, of New York, N. Y.,
John A. Ross, Jr., of New York, N. Y., John T. Brickley, of New
with

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
229
York, N. Y., Doris J. McCann, of New York, N. Y., Milton Levin,
of Jamaica, N. Y., I. Robert Shniper, of Jamaica, N. Y., Sidney S.
Wolchok, of New York, N. Y., Michael A. Paticchio, of Plainfield,
N. J., Harry W. Herzog, of Plainfield, N. J., Samuel Komoroff, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., Edward J. Greenfield, of New York, N. Y., Alex-
ander Freiser, of New York, N. Y., Herman S. Katz, of New York,
N. Y., Max M. Turshen, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Samuel Schaeffer, of
New York, N. Y., William B. Rothschild, of New York, N. Y., Car-
mine A. Ventiera, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Julius J. Cardile, of New
York, N. Y., Hilda H. Less, of Dover, N. J., Harry Torczyner, of
New York, N. Y., David Kallman, of New York, N. Y., Samuel
Spring, of New York, N. Y., H. Leonard King, of New York, N. Y.,
Alvin H. Kaufer, of New York, N. Y., Murray M. Segal, of New
York, N. Y., Lawrence D. Brody, of New York, N. Y., Paul J.
Sherman, of New York, N. Y., Stanley H. Handman, of New York,
N. Y., Theodore Propp, of Long Beach, N. Y., Evelyn S. Brand, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., Frank Sahl, of Woodbury, N. J., Morris Bailin-
son, of New York, N. Y., Paul M. Beer, of New York, N. Y., Jack
E. Levine, of New York, N. Y., Abraham M. Feinstein, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Herbert J. DeVarco, of New York, N. Y., Robert B. Posnick,
of New York, N. Y., Nathan Ginsberg, of New York, N. Y., Joseph
J. Blank, of New York, N. Y., Albert Mayer, of New York, N. Y.,
Maxwell Okun, of New York, N. Y., William Rossmoore, of Newark,
N. J., Morton L. Leavy, of New York, N. Y., Shanley Norris Egeth,
of New York, N. Y., John R. Fernbach, of New York, N. Y., Sidney
Szerlip, of Nyack, N. Y., Evelyn R. Lawrence, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Geraldine D. Santangelo, of Brooklyn, N. Y.. Louis L. Bucciarelli,
of New Canaan, Conn., Jack Stock, of Bridgeport, Conn., Raymond
F. Brady, of Newark, N. J., Maxwell E. Kaps, of Jersey City, N. J.,
Allan L. Tumarkin, of Newark, N. J., Emery I. Nagy, of New
York, N. Y., Edward Krowen, of Newark, N. J., Sol Rubin, of New
Rochelle, N. Y., Wolfango Edward Cribari, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.,
Irving A. Rubin, of New Rochelle, N. Y., Daniel Danziger, of New
Rochelle, N. Y., Richard C. Ross, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Theodore
R. Jackson, of New York, N. Y., Isaac M. Rothenberg, of Jamaica,
N. Y., Milton Fisher, of New York, N. Y., and Herman V. Traub,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E.
Sobeloff; Morris Cohn, of New York, N. Y., Jack Solomon, of New
York, N. Y., Murray A. Miller, of New York, N. Y., Meyer Wilen,
of Flushing, N. Y., George Rubenfeld, of Flushing, N. Y., Abraham
Greenbush, of New York, N. Y., Sidney Leviss, of Flushing, N. Y.,
Joseph Lubin, of Flushing, N. Y., Leo H. Barry, of New York,
N. Y., Picton Earl Gallie, of New York, N. Y., Charles F.
Murphy, of Queens, N. Y., Joseph P. Devery, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Fred E. Hertan, of Queens, N. Y., Hugh McLoughlin, of Queens,
18
4

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
230
N. Y., Arthur F. X. Henriksen, of Queens, N. Y., Gerard E. Molony,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., Elliott Kahaner, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Albert F.
Kimball, of Queens, N. Y., Israel Howard Kay, of Long Island
City, N. Y., Irving Ostrow, of Long Island City, N. Y., Joseph M.
Lane, of Long Island City, N. Y., George Kent Weldon, of Flushing,
N. Y., Harold Hyman, of Jamaica, N. Y., Alexander Sussman, of
Jamaica, N. Y., Julius J. Eingoren, of Jackson Heights, N. Y., Samuel
J. Freeman, of Jamaica, N. Y., Louis D. Laurino, of Long Island
City, N. Y., Anthony F. Vietri, of Long Island City, N. Y., Joseph
P. Axler, of Flushing, N. Y., Sidney Snyderman, of Woodside, N.
Y., John J. Leahy, of Astoria, N. Y., Albert H. Buschmann, of Elm-
hurst, N. Y., Herbert N. Skidell, of Jamaica, N. Y., Jacob Jabs, of
Hollis, N. Y., Aloysius J. Maickel, of Bellaire, N. Y., Alex. H. Rosen-
baum, of Flushing, N. Y., George R. Selig, of Hollis, N. Y., Mac
M. Mordochay, of Whitestone, N. Y., Robert J. Finan, of Flushing,
N. Y., Vincent C. Tymann, of Woodside, N. Y., Melvin Wolinsky,
of Flushing, N. Y., Philip Wolinsky, of Flushing, N. Y., Alfred D.
Lerner, of Jamaica, N. Y., Eugene E. Lefkowitz, of Flushing, N.
Y., David Krause, of Rego Park, N. Y., Richard J. Hallinan, of
Washington, D. C., Leon Berg, of Forest Hills, N. Y., William H.
Hinrichs, of Jamaica, N. Y., Frank G. Hoesch, of Jamaica, N. Y.,
Samuel L. Albarino, of Scarsdale, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William
B. Groat, Jr.; Richard H. Allen, of Memphis, Tenn., Earl P. Davis,
of Memphis, Tenn., Paul M. Bryan, of Memphis, Tenn., Alfred J.
Bonomo, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Paul F. Rogyom, of New Orleans,
La., Robert Henry Gipson, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Arnold Roger
Meddin, of Savannah, Ga., William M. Exley, Jr., of Savannah,
Ga., Robert R. Cole, of Little Rock, Ark., William L. Terry, of Little
Rock, Ark., Richard L. Pratt, of Little Rock, Ark., Charles J. Lincoln,
of Little Rock, Ark., W. Dane Clay, of Little Rock, Ark., Ernest
Guy Amsler, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., Hugh P. Futrell, Jr., of
Savannah, Ga., Alan Sims Gaynor, of Savannah, Ga., Jack E. Miller,
of Savannah, Ga., Michel O. Provosty, of New Orleans, La., John
A. Marque, of New Orleans, La., Cecil M. Burglass, Jr., of New
Orleans, La., Prim B. Smith, Jr., of New Orleans, La., J. K. Aynes-
worth, of Waco, Tex., W. V. Dunnam, Jr., of Waco, Tex., Frank B.
McGregor, of Waco, Tex., Charles F. Koehne, Jr., of Waco, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; George G. Spanos, of Stock-
ton, Calif., Earle Robert Williams, of Stockton, Calif., Norma Klaus,
of Berkeley, Calif., David D. Fairbrother, of San Francisco, Calif.,
Ray Vandervoort, of San Francisco, Calif., Lester S. McElwain, of
Oakland, Calif., Jean C. Simpson, of San Francisco, Calif., Thomas
Needham, of San Francisco, Calif., John P. Sparrow, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., Richard J. Spear, of Oakland, Calif., Ronald Kenneth
Millar, of Menlo Park, Calif., Gordon G. Dale, of San Francisco,
th

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
231
Calif., Richard N. Johnson, of Fremont, Nebr., Francis E. Zing-
heim, of San Jose, Calif., Bruce Pardee Griswold, of San Jose,
Calif., Jack V. McCrary, of Palo Alto, Calif., John Warren Mont-
gomery, of San Jose, Calif., Arthur M. Sammis, of San Francisco,
Calif., Peter L. Anello, of San Jose, Calif., Elvera Wollitz Smith,
of Oakland, Calif., Albert E. Deasy, of San Francisco, Calif., Benoni
H. McClure, of Berkeley, Calif., Robert S. Thaman, of Oakland,
Calif., Richard Carey Lynch, of Oakland, Calif., James Getty Shields,
Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., John Stanley Cooper, of Oakland,
Calif., and James Allison Buchanan, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee, were admitted to practice.
No. 54. Michael J. Regan, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York. Judgment of Court of Appeals of the State of New York
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren in which Mr. Justice Clark joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 374. Edward J. Shaughnessy, as District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization for the District of New York, petitioner, v.
Mampril Sequeira Pedreiro. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Jus-
tice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 575. John Nicholas Donaducy, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 614. State of Wisconsin, ex rel. Wisconsin Lutheran High
School Conference, Appellant, v. Sid H. Sinar, Inspector of Buildings
of the City of Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, and E. L. Vanderjagt. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question.
"

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
232
Frank Bompensiero, petitioner, v. Superior Court of Califor-
nia, County of San Diego, et al. Application for stay denied.
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School Dis-
tricts #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. Motion for leave to file
brief of Louis L. Brown and Robert W. Wesley, as amici curiae, denied.
No. 465. Morris Steiner, Harry Lightman, Mitchell Magid, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 647. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. King Packing Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 465.
No. 629. Paul Dillon, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 645. Raymond C. Armstrong, petitioner, v. Mary R. Arm-
strong, General Motors Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio granted.
No. 640. Rock Drilling, Blasting, Roads, Sewers, Viaducts,
Bridges, Foundations, Excavations and Concrete Work on all Con-
struction, Hod Carriers', Building and Common Laborers' Local
Union No. 17, petitioner, v. Mason & Hanger Company, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 643. John Mahoney, petitioner, v. Sailors' Union of the Pacific,
a Voluntary Association, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 646. Carl Bianchi, L. A. Thompson, and William Poster, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 648. J. L. Holbrook, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 649. Esme E. Rosaire, petitioner, v. Baroid Sales Division,
National Lead Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
子
M
1

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1955
233
No. 650. The State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Commissioners of the Land
Office of Said State, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petroleum Company, a
Foreign Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 651. Garnett Seay and Billy Gaddis, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 652. Warren M. Wilson, petitioner, v. Homestead Valve Manu-
facturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 662. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
H. D. Chancey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 668. Local 175 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers and Earl W. Burnette, petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 670. Herschel S. Green and Madge Green, petitioners, v. Oscar
L. Green et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 672. New York Life Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v.
Charles M. Lake, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Eugene M. Callis. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 203. Frank Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 417, Misc. Francis J. Hilderbrand, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 390, Misc. Charles T. Lester, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
Adjourned until Monday, May 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
1
'B'

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
234
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice.
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Edward W. Rothe, of Chicago, Ill., Theodore D. Taubeneck, of
St. Louis, Mo., Lee O. Teague, of Denver, Colo., Arnold I. Shure, of
Chicago, Ill., James Bryan Spell, of Red Springs, N. C., Henry P.
Rubin, of New Rochelle, N. Y., Isabelle R. Cappello, of Arlington,
Va., T. Reuben Burnside, of Thomson, Ga., Theophil Carl Kamm-
holz, of Evanston, Ill., and William J. Calise, of New York, N. Y.;
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Gordon L.
Allott, of Lamar, Colo., and A. Sterling Gilbert, of Central City,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Burger; Martha W. Griffiths,
of Detroit, Mich., and Hicks G. Griffiths, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; Jack E. Grisham, of Long Beach,
Calif., John Louis Struett, of Long Beach, Calif., John Thomas
Moen, of Long Beach, Calif., Fidel Schmitz, of Wilmington, Calif.,
John R. Kent, of Long Beach, Calif., Eugene O. Heberer, of San
Gabriel, Calif., Ronald Leroy Tiday, of Garden Grove, Calif., and
Theodore G. Lee, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig
Hosmer; Stephen Carl Johnson, of San Diego, Calif., James Lawrence
Focht, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., Joseph F. McLellan, of La Mesa,
Calif., John Mason Jeffrey, of San Diego, Calif., Frank Clifford
Owen, of San Diego, Calif., George Richard McClenahan, of San
Diego, Calif., Harold Perry Lasher, of San Diego, Calif., J. Sterling
Hutcheson, of San Diego, Calif., Thomas P. Golden, of San Diego,
Calif., Robert Thomas Sjogren, of San Diego, Calif., Charles Quintin
Whelan, of San Diego, Calif., Joseph A. Kilgarif, of San Diego,
Calif., Stuart Langley Dougherty, of San Diego, Calif., Fred Kunzel,
of San Diego, Calif., Marvin G. Poverny, of San Diego, Calif., O'Neill
P. Martin, of San Diego, Calif., James Rozek, of San Diego, Calif.,
Charles E. Burch, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., John H. Barrett, of
San Diego, Calif., James Elliot Bunker, of San Diego, Calif., and
R. Sherman Platt, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas
Henry Kuchel; Helen Carrier Bryant, of Detroit, Mich., and William
A. Rhodes, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machro-
wicz; Dominic J. Farina, of New Buffalo, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Clare E. Hoffman; Andrew Jefferson Whalen, Jr., of Griffin, Ga., on
motion of Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; John Gutknecht, of Chicago,
313093-55-71
14
+
R

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
235
Ill., on motion of Mr. James Cuningham Murray; Whitney Stegall,
of Murfreesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Joe Landon Evins; Barratt
O'Hara II, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle;
Irving W. Rubin, of New Brunswick, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Donald H. McLean; Nicholas S. Rago, of West New York, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Richard S. Doyle; Howard E. Bell, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard R. Atkinson; Malcolm M. Champlin,
of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. Allen, Jr.; Joseph
B. McNamara, of Midland, Tex., Charles L. Bauer III, of Elizabeth,
N. J., Preston Bethea Hardy, of Dillon, S. C., Joe P. Peck, of Nash-
ville, Tenn., Layton A. Webb, of Midland, Tex., Richard F. La Roche,
of Murfreesboro, Tenn., Frank Allen Berry, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn.,
Parker C. Fielder, of Midland, Tex., and John R. Rucker, of Mur-
freesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; James
H. Green, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Ashurst;
John L. Rogers, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John L.
Rogers; Joseph C. Kauffman, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Frederick S. Hill; John Albert Beck, of Washington, D. C.,
and John W. Jurgensen, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Webb
C. Hayes III; Nathaniel W. Gold, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Ira Howell Ellis; Gerald H. Henley, of Syracuse, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Thomas English McCutchen,
Jr., of Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. Fred Ervin Youngman;
Philip A. Loomis, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas
G. Meeker; William James Foster, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Laurence J. Bettendorf; Tevis Jacobs, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Kaufmann; Juliet Lowenthal,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Morris Lowenthal;
Donald Frederick Frost, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John J.
O'Keefe; Theodore W. Ward, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter; Corise Patricia Varn, of St. Augustine,
Fla., and John R. Brock, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Roger
L. Bumur; William C. Treanor, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Isaac M. Stewart; Alfred Rodman Hussey, of Plymouth, Mass.,
on motion of Miss Fannie M. Boyls; Elnyr Doris Newcome, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Alfred K. Cherry; Edgar J.
Nathan, 3d, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Milton M. Gottes-
man; Richard Henry Speidel, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Bolling R. Powell, Jr.; Robert H. Rines, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. David Rines; Ashton L. Stewart, of Baton Rouge,
La., on motion of Mr. George Bailey Walsh; Charles Russell Cutler,
of Washington, D. C., and Herbert John Miller, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Roderick Russell Eagan; Daniel John Meador,
of Greenville, Ala., on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; Claude Roy
4
#
1
2"
1
i

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
236
Kirk, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Reubin S. Haslam;
Henry Geller, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John L.
FitzGerald; Halsey Taft Tichenor III, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Charles Goodwin, Jr.; Alfred M. James, of Jersey
City, N. J. Thomas J. Kenney, of Jersey City, N. J., and T. James
Tumulty, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty,
Jr.; Joseph Leary Delaney, of New York, N. Y., Morris Shilensky,
of New York, N. Y., and James D. Walsh, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard L. Walsh; Malcolm R. Warnock, of New
York, N. Y., José R. deCapriles, of New York, N. Y., and Theodore
A. Kelly, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky;
and John R. McConnell, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J.
Louis Monarch, were admitted to practice.
No. 28. Evelyn Rice, petitioner, v. Sioux City Memorial Park
Cemetery, Incorporated, a Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. The petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The order of this Court of November 15, 1954, affirm-
ing the judgment of the Supreme Court of Iowa is vacated and the
writ of certiorari is dismissed as improvidently granted. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 468. Robert Cecil Bell, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton
in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Reed join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 595. Donald Jackson DeMoss, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed on con-
fession of error by the Government and on the authority of Bates v.
United States, No. 450, October Term, 1954, decided March 28, 1955.
H
ン
t

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
237
No. 644. Vern George Davidson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for
writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals is vacated. The cause is remanded to the Court of Appeals for
consideration of whether petitioner's conscientious objector claim
comes within the provisions of § 6 (j) of the Universal Military
Training and Service Act, in which event this case would be gov-
erned by Gonzales v. United States, 348 U. S. 407.
No. 517, Misc. Gus LaVern Hiller, appellant, v. United States of
America. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction.
No. 387. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. C. W. Vollmer & Company, Inc.
Examination of the record raises a question in the Court's mind as
to whether this case is moot in view of respondent's completion of his
contract. Counsel are invited to submit memoranda upon this point
on or before May 14, 1955. See Commercial Cable Co. v. Burleson,
250 U. S. 360; United States v. W. T. Grant Co., 345 U. S. 629. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black object to this order.
No. 624. Mack Barnes, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 654. Sylvester Papalardo and Patsy Lavelle, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 655. Jack C. Vaughan, petitioner, v. Grady Miller, Clerk,
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied..
No. 656. City of Hastings, Nebraska, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission and Kansas Nebraska Natural Gas Company (Inter-
venor). Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 657. J. Stacey Henderson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
اد
R
'

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
238
No. 658. Abe Bender, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 660. Harvey George DeRosier, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 661. Union Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 664. Darsyn Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Lenox Labora-
tories, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 665. Arthur E. Summerfield, Individually and as Postmaster
General of the United States, petitioner, v. Sunshine Book Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 671. Nathan Shurman and Louis Chebatt, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Earl S. Standridge and S. M. Mingus, et al., petitioners, v.
California Dolomite Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate
District, denied.
No. 680. Isthmus Development Company, petitioner, v. Edward R.
Burt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 681. Charles Gusick, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 683. Albert Gregor Kammerer, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 710. Clyde C. Winslow, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
R
No. 598. Raymond Keith Skinner, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 609. Henry S. Cato, petitioner, v. Cyrus E. Silling, Sr.; and
No. 470, Misc. In the Matter of Joseph B. Judd, Jr., petitioner.
Petitions for re hearing denied.
No. 736, October Term, 1953. Gretchen McRae, petitioner, v. Tighe
E. Woods, Acting Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter.
H
I
-

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
239
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 51. Association of Westinghouse Salaried Employees, peti-
tioner, v. Westinghouse Electric Corporation;
No. 184. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of
Oklahoma, et al., appellants, v. Lee Optical of Oklahoma, Inc., et al.;
No. 199. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Glen-
shaw Glass Company and William Goldman Theatres, Inc.;
No. 559. Rogers Ridgeway, petitioner, v. Georgia Ridgeway;
No. 564. Gretchen McRae, appellant, v. United States of America;
No. 590. F. P. Newport Corporation, Ltd., petitioner, v. Paul W.
Sampsell, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of F. P. Newport
Corporation, Ltd., et al.;
No. 233, Misc. Robert S. Skladd, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden; and
No. 446, Misc. Henry James, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 150, Misc. Clarence William Meehan, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 374, Misc. Frank Adam Herzic, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 387, Misc. Leodis Smart, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 442, Misc. Jerome Hentschel, Cecelia Hentschel, petitioners, v.
Baby Bathinette Corporation, Sears, Roebuck and Company, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 444, Misc. Albert Joseph Kostal, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 455, Misc. James Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 481, Misc. Mitchell Edward Janowicz, petitioner v, People of
the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
'

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
240
No. 484, Misc. Robert F. Zieman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 485, Misc. William E. Koss, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 488, Misc. Leonard R. Obery, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 491, Misc. Elmer Dolan, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 495, Misc. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 496, Misc. Willie Norvell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 498, Misc. Harry Lilly, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 499, Misc. George Washington, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 505, Misc. John W. Bruce, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia District, denied.
No. 506, Misc. Bennie E. Atkinson, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 511, Misc. William Squire, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 513, Misc. Winfred Williams, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 323, Misc. Jesse Hill, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden;
No. 480, Misc. In the Matter of Jack Weinberg, petitioner;
No. 482, Misc. John J. Dubin, petitioner, v. Harry J. Worthing,
M. D., etc.;
1
'

MONDAY, MAY 9, 1955
241
No. 489, Mi. Lewis M. Meek, petitioner, v. State of California;
No. 497, Misc. Vernon Newton, petitioner, v. State of Michigan;
and
No. 512, Misc. William Cagle, Jr., petitioner, v. William H. Hard-
wick, Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 438, Misc. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 503, Misc. Arthur A. Binkley, petitioner, v. Federal District
Court, Columbus, Ohio, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of certiorari denied.
h
1
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 16,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
4

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
242
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
David Shiverick Smith, of Greenwich, Conn., Bernard Rose, of
Los Angeles, Calif., Charles R. Newby, of Los Angeles, Calif., Regi-
nald Byrne Pegram, of Los Angeles, Calif., Albert J. Bernhardt, of
Los Angeles, Calif., John L. Flynn, of Los Angeles, Calif., Moses E.
Howard, of Los Angeles, Calif., A. J. Blackman, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Howard Webster Hart, of Los Angeles, Calif., John Briggs
Connolly, of Los Angeles, Calif., Walter Tyrrel Shatford II, of
Temple City, Calif., Lewis M. Andrews, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
Wayne Laurence Van Buskirk, of Los Angeles, Calif., Herbert John
Williams, of Los Angeles, Calif., Baldo Martin Kristovich, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Harry P. Amstutz, of Los Angeles, Calif., George E.
Danielson, of Los Angeles, Calif., Edward Lawrence Johnson, of
North Hollywood, Calif., Walt A. Steiger, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
James Alan Doherty, of Los Angeles, Calif., C. Paul DuBois, of Los
Angeles, Calif., William Claude Fields, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.,
James T. Townsell, of Inglewood, Calif., Thomas G. Baggot, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Peyton H. Moore, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., Evan
Weldon Lewis, of Los Angeles, Calif., John J. Varni, of San Fer-
nando, Calif., Elwayne E. Smith, of Huntington Park, Calif., Caryl
G. Sheldon, of Pasadena, Calif., Claude B. Cumming, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Sidney A. Cherniss, Jr., of South Pasadena, Calif., and Caryl
Warner, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Vice President
Richard M. Nixon; Leo N. Knoblauch, of Jersey City, N. J., Anthony
Paul Ianneciello, of Boston, Mass., and Ray H. Lafky, of Salem,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Rich-
ard H. Poff, of Radford, Va., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker;
Lewis Cenker, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis; Marvin
V. Horton, Jr., of Tarboro, N. C., on motion of Miss Helen Newman;
Pierce Winningham, Jr., of Jackson, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes.
Kefauver; John Meehan McGowan II, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion
of Mr. John J. Rhodes; George Huddleston, Jr., of Birmingham,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Rains; Charles Stuart Brown, of
Afton, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; Richard Wen-
dell Smith, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis;
Joseph E. Moukad, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John V.
Lindsay; Paul Daniel, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. John
313093-55-72

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
243
Chisman Hanes; Robert O. Lukowsky, of Covington, Ky., on motion
of Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr.; James Dempsey, of White Plains, N. Y.,
and Robert T. Luce, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph E.
Becker; Joseph F. Deeb, of Grand Rapids, Mich., on motion of Mr.
George Morris Fay; Alice Cutts Wainwright, of Coconut Grove, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Hale; James Thomas Bullard, of Dallas,
Tex., Carl A. Hyldburg, Jr., of Asheville, N. C., Shelby E. Horton,
Jr., of Asheville, N. C., Robert Roof George, of Columbia, S. C.,
M. Boyd Neeley, of Columbia, S. C., LaVerne G. Funderburk, of
Columbia, S. C., Robert Ree Gooch, of Terre Haute, Ind., Clyde
Monford Thomas, of Winder, Ga., Graddy Tunnell, of Plainview,
Tex., Arthur Charles Epperson, of Foley, Ala., Francis William
Baker, of San Antonio, Tex., Arthur Vidaver, of Dover, N. J., Irving
Lewis Bates, of San Antonio, Tex., Newell Lynn Walker, of Beau-
mont, Tex., David H. Levin, of Pensacola, Fla., Alfred Frederick
Herbelin, of San Antonio, Tex., George Talmadge Roberts, of San
Antonio, Tex., William Ware Henderson, Jr., of Pensacola, Fla.,
Leonard E. Choate, of Beaumont, Tex., Alto V. Watson, of Beaumont,
Tex., Joe A. Cowart, Jr., of Pensacola, Fla., George Arnett Gray, of
Coleridge, Nebr., and Tom H. King, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Edward L. Dowd, of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Edward W. Garnholz, of Clayton, Mo., on motion of Mr. Lau-
rance Mastick Hyde; Robert G. Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pa., Francis
A. Scanlan, of Philadelphia, Pa., and William R. Deasey, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. James S. Benn, Jr.; Robert O. Aders,
of Hagerstown, Ind., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Sells; Gabriel
Glantz, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Elliott H. Moyer; Howard
F. Sachs, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Temple W. Seay;
Bruce H. Willner, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Arthur V. Sullivan, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Horace J. Donnelly, Jr.;
Donald Berne McCormick, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Ray
W. Nedrow; Adolph I. King, of Mahopac, N. Y., and Samuel M.
Sprafkin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Mandel Matthew
Einhorn; Raymond E. Hyre, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
William H. Thomas; William Vanuxem Slaughter, of Richmond,
Va., on motion of Mr. Flavius B. Walker, Jr.; Harvey Lee Stern, of
Trenton, N. J., on motion of Mr. William B. Hanback; Abraham M.
Dubno, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Samuel C. Klein, of Falls Church,
Va., on motion of Mr. Hymen Jacob Cohen; Sidney Joseph Wolf, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Harry J. Daly; Robert C. Perry, of
Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. John P. Moore; William H.
Davidson, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Connor;
Farrell Dee Smith, of Corpus Christi, Tex., John Young, of Corpus
Christi, Tex., and John J. Bell, of Cuero, Tex., on motion of Mr.
John E. Lyle, Jr.; Edwin Knachel, of Cleveland, Ohio, Donald
1
LE

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
244
Edward Ryan, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Richard C. Ogline, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb; Louis Rothstein, of
Trenton, N. J., Thomas F. Rhodes, Jr., of Trenton, N. J., Henry F.
Gill, of Trenton, N. J., and Edward J. Phelan, of Trenton, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Irving E. Kosky, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Bonuso; Philip McCallum, of Ann
Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wendell Burton Barnes; Charles
Aronin Lippitz, of Miami, Fla., Harold Howard Kassin, of Miami,
Fla., and Harold Weinstock, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Emmet McNulty Ferguson; Daniel Joseph Leary, of Joplin, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Clarence G. Pechacek; Fred Gillam Minnis, of St.
Petersburg, Fla., and John R. Tamm, of Daytona Beach, Fla., on
motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Richard J. Spooner, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Sam Clammer; Frank W. Doherty, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; Abraham
Siegel, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Robert G. Johnson;
John Douglass Hunt, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Ward
E. Lattin; Edgar Douglas Burgor, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Daniel W. Cannon; Dan H. McCullough, of Toledo, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William Lawrence McGovern; Bernard Weiss, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard Raum; Walter Jay Hodes, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James M. McInerney; and James
D. Parriott, Jr., of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. J. Reuel Arm-
strong, were admitted to practice.
No. 204. Society for Savings in the City of Cleveland, appellant,
v. Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 220. First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Warren,
appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers (Successor to John W. Peck) Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of Ohio. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to
the Supreme Court of Ohio for proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 50. William A. Bisso, Jr., Receiver, New Orleans Coal and
Bisso Towboat Co., petitioner, v. Inland Waterways Corporation.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
4

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
245
No. 70. Boston Metals Company, Formerly Named Boston Iron
and Metal Company, as owner of the Canadian Destroyer "St. Fran-
cis", petitioner, v. S/S "Winding Gulf” and Massachusetts Trustees
of Eastern Gas and Fuel Associates. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Maryland for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justic Frankfurter. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 210. United States of America, as Owner of the S. S. Chris-
topher Gale, petitioner, v. Chris Nielson et al., Co-Partners Trading
Under the Firm Name and Style of Dauntless Towing Line, as Owner
of the Tug Dauntless #6. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 405. In the Matters of Lee Roy Murchison and John White,
petitioners. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Michigan. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the Supreme Court of Michigan for proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton in which
Mr. Justice Burton joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 659. The Pure Oil Company, appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a properly presented substantial federal
question.
No. 514, Misc. John B. Donahue, appellant, v. State of Connecti-
cut. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed and treating the papers whereon.
the appeal was taken as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied.
th
M
11

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
246
James Madison Burke III et al., petitioners, v. United
States et al. Motion to waive the rules and docket the case denied.
No. 376. John P. Peters, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby et al.
Motion for leave to file brief of Emergency Civil Liberties Commit-
tee, as amicus curiae, denied.
No. 157. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. The petition for rehearing is granted. The
judgment entered April 11, 1955, is vacated and the case is restored
to the docket for reargument. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of the petition for rehearing.
No. 213. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. The petition for rehearing is granted.
The judgment entered April 11, 1955, is vacated and the case is
restored to the docket for reargument immediately preceding No.
470. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of the petition for rehearing.
No. 716. Salvatore Falcone and Joseph Falcone, petitioners, v.
Harold E. Barnes, Officer in Charge of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 625.
No. 528. William Heikkila, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 674. R. H. Osbrink, M. E. Osbrink, and Berton W. Beals, as
Trustee, etc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 675. Jack Hanratty, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 678. Paul Jarrico, petitioner, v. RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cal-
ifornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 684. Ben R. Harriman, Jerry Siner, and Frank Louis DeRosa,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
313093-55--73
1
R

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
247
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 685. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Maurice Goldstein,
alias Maurice Gold and Jack S. Guthman, petitioners, v. John E.
Babb, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 686. F. C. Dumaine, Jr., petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 687. Louis Clifford, Sam Giaimo, and James Thomas, petition-
ers, v. The State of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 688. The Automatic Die & Products Co., petitioner, v. John M.
Campbell and Philmore J. Haber, as Trustees for the Cork-A-Lite
Development Trust. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 689. Charles Milton Lefors, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 691. Dr. Ross H. Elliott, petitioner, v. State of Oregon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 693. Sophie D. Cohen and Meyer Kraushaar, Executors of the
Estate of William D. Cohen, Deceased, petitioners, v. Bessie G. Glass,
Executrix of the Estate of Joseph Glass et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 695. National Union of Marine Cooks and Stewards and Inter-
national Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union, petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 696. Leon F. Urbain and Loxit Systems, Inc., petitioners, v.
Knapp Brothers Manufacturing Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 697. Bennie C. Caldwell, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 698. Irving Groob, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Star Brothers
Bell Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
hi
$
Į
HI

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
248
No. 699. James Buchanan Hill, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 700. Jack Hazelcorn, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 729. Joseph Siciliano, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 761. Edward Coco, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 703. Jewell M. Schwartz, Administratrix of the Estate of
Edmund J. Schwartz, Deceased, petitioner, v. Kansas City Southern
Railway Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 604. Douglas McKay, Secretary of the Interior, and Ezra Taft
Benson, Secretary of Agriculture, petitioners, v. Clackamas County,
Oregon. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 333, Misc. Robert E. Lang, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 520, Misc. Robert Earl McCoy, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 521, Misc. Robert Barr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 522, Misc. Frank Ginivalli, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 527, Misc. Willie E. Myles, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 536, Misc. Harlan B. Ferguson, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Rock Island
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 537, Misc. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16', 1955
249
No. 540, Misc. Oliver S. Smith, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 545, Misc. Joseph Smith, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 547, Misc. Robert M. Crowe, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 548, Misc. Gottfried William Kreuter, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 549, Misc. Frank Eugene Pellegrini, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 550, Misc. Charles Fleischman, petitioner, v. State of New
York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, Cayuga County, denied.
No. 551, Misc. Vernon E. Goodson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 556, Misc. Lonnie Jackson, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas denied.
No. 557, Misc. Walter Stewart, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 558, Misc. William McCoy, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 559, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 602, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 564, Misc. Billy MacMann, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 565, Misc. James Garrow, Jr., petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
250
No. 566, Misc. Geraldine V. DeFoe, petitioner, v. Weaver Bros.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 569, Misc. Frank Moriconi, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 573, Misc. Donald Till, petitioner, v. Superior Court of San
Mateo County, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 577, Misc. Jack Williams, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 578, Misc. Robert White, a/k/a Robert Randall, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 589, Misc. Manuel Nordeste, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 600, Misc. Jack Sykes, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 236, Misc. Robert E. Lang, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden;
No. 519, Misc. Edward P. Mitchell, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden;
No. 526, Misc. Harold W. Hopwood, petitioner, v. Herbert
Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States, et al.;
No. 531, Misc. Jack Sykes, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden;
No. 538, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey;
No. 563, Misc. Earnest Lee Potter, petitioner, v. R. N. Eidson,
Warden;
No. 568, Misc. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director of Department of Corrections, District of Columbia; and
No. 579, Misc. Theodore LaRose, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director of Department of Corrections, District of Columbia. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 493, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and motions for subpoena duces tecum and to appoint a referee
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1955
1251
No. 560, Misc. Edward H. Bolesta, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Application denied.
Order
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 23,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
A
1

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
252
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Charles W. Newmark, of New York, N. Y., Milton Schleider, of
North Arlington, N. J., William Schwartz, of Kearny, N. J., Sol
J. Chasnoff, of Kearny, N. J., Fred G. Benton, Jr., of Baton Rouge,
La., William B. Taffet, of Trenton, N. J., Edward Donald Moseley,
of Baton Rouge, La., Joseph F. McCarthy, of Harrison, N. J., Frank
Brenner, of New York, N. Y., Arlington C. White, of San Francisco,
Calif., Margaret E. White, of San Francisco, Calif., Edward P.
Saltiel, of Chicago, Ill., Philip R. Toomin, of Chicago, Ill., Leo H.
Lowitz, of Chicago, Ill., Samuel L. Golan, of Washington, D. C.,
Theodore Cooke Waters, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., Guy M. Page, Jr.,
of Burlington, Vt., and Frederick J. Green, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Gordon F. Har-
rison, of Cranston, R. I., and James Henry Duffy, of Cranston, R. I.,
on motion of Mr. Theodore Francis Green; Frank N. Bratton, of
Athens, Tenn., and Miles Lord, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Estes Kefauver; James L. Langston, of Fort Smith, Ark.,
and Thomas Franklin Butt, of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr.
James William Trimble; Christian E. Rogers, Jr., of Johnson City,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; George Bridges Foss,
Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. John Sparkman; Harold
J. Ruvoldt, of Jersey City, N. J., and Peter W. Rodino, Jr., of
Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. T. James Tumulty; George Peter
Coutrakon, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Everett McKinley
Dirksen; Robert J. Joling, of Kenosha, Wisc., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence H. Smith; George Richard Houston, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon%; W. Dean Pfeiffer, of New
Orleans, La., Carl J. Schumacher, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Arthur
Victor Flotte, of New Orleans, La., Absalom Pettit, of New Orleans,
La., Alwynn J. Cronvich, of New Orleans, La., George E. Burgess,
Jr., of New Orleans, La., Albert James Fitzwilliam, of New Orleans,
La., Edward A. Haggerty, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Frank Joseph
Stich, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Ellis Copeland Irwin, of New
Orleans, La., and Hugh M. Wilkinson, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on
motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee; Samuel James Lee, of
Angleton, Tex., Alva Augustus DeLee, of Port Arthur, Tex., Francis
313093-55-74

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
253
Marhsall Boykin III, of Corpus Christi, Tex., James William Wray,
Jr., of Corpus Christi, Tex., Harold Alberts, of Corpus Christi, Tex.,
Richard D. Hatch, of Aransas Pass, Tex., Moise H. Simon, of Bay City,
Tex., Thurman Morris Gupton, of West Columbia, Tex., Lloyd G.
Rust, Jr., of Wharton, Tex., Samuel Pessarra, of Freeport, Tex.,
Leland Barron Kee, of Angleton, Tex., Hall Wesley Griggs, of West
Columbia, Tex., Minor Marshall Smith, of Angleton, Tex., William
Biddle Langworthy, of Angleton, Tex., Hugh G. Freeland, of
Beaumont, Tex., Robert Burke, of Corpus Christi, Tex., Frank M.
Pinedo, of Austin, Tex., H. K. Howard, of Corpus Christi, Tex., Ike
A. Wynn, of Corpus Christi, Tex., William H. Bloch, of Corpus
Christi, Tex., Robert Lee Bunting, Jr., of Corpus Christi, Tex., Jack
R. Blackmon, of Corpus Christi, Tex., and C. Elery Holland, of
Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Hugh B. Muir, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; Daniel
Neal Heller, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John J. O'Keefe;
James McSwain Nabers, of Sumter, S. C., Henry F. Mlotkowski,
of New York, N. Y., Wilbur James Smolka, of Dayton, Ohio, and
Jordan A. Dreifus, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. William
C. Hamilton, Jr.; Lynn C. Paulson, of Cavalier, N. Dak., on motion
of Mr. Robert E. Freer; James Barker Wilson, of Seattle, Wash.,
and Richard K. Pelz, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Thomas
S. Wilson; Roy Theodore Englert, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. James F. Splain; Dorothy Rodgers Waltz, of Lima, Ohio,
Robert Eugene Waltz, of Lima, Ohio, and Archibald Marshall
Rodgers, of Lima, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert W. Minor; Henry
Becker Sweitzer, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert H.
Hare; Robert W. Booth, of Tulsa, Okla., and James M. Lee, of
Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Josh Lee; Nathan J. Rakita, of Mil-
waukee, Wisc., and Joseph M. Vucker, of White Plains, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Solomon Alpher; Harold A. Lewis, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Louis Eisenstein; Charles E. Bennett, of
Jacksonville, Fla., and J. William Norman, of Jacksonville, Fla., on
motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Roland C. Kizer, of Baton Rouge,
La., and Frank S. Craig, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of
Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; Walter William Pearson, of Chicago, Ill.,
and Walter P. Murphy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John H.
Dorsey; Charles L. Board, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Gordon S. Parker; Ralph Corlies Rudd, of Cleveland, Ohio, L.
Reed Miller, of Fairmont, W. Va., George Bunn, of Madison, Wisc.,
and James O. Juntilla, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr.
Walton H. Hamilton; George W. Morris, of Wilmington, Del., on
motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski, Jr.; Harlan T. Moen, of Cherokee,
$1.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
254
Iowa, on motion of Mr. David H. Nutt; Harry L. Pate, of Tuscola,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Morris Miller; Drexel Dahlke Journey, of
Westfield, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Willard W. Gatchell; Cole Oehler,
of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. William Mitchell; Edward D.
O'Brian, of Anaheim, Calif., and James D. McElheron, of Bing-
hamton, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Reid C. Tait; R. H. Amphlett
Leader, of Frederiksted, V. I., Almeric Leander Christian, of Chris-
tiansted, V. I., and William Wood Bailey, of Charlotte Amalie, V. I.,
on motion of Mr. William J. Jameson; C. Ralph Snowden, of Fair-
mont, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Noble J. Johnson; Thomas Fitzhugh
Dawson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Geoffrey Creyke,
Jr.; John Austin Daily, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Seymour
S. Guthman; Seymour Wenner, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of
Mr. Paul N. Pfeiffer; Julian Caplan, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. J. Matthews Neale; E. S. Gardner, of Temecula, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter; Jean F. Dwyer, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Joseph Dwyer; Frank Pickering
Corbin, Jr., of Morgantown, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas H.
King; Gilbert S. Fleischer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
William Leavenworth Colby; Robert G. Leff, of Newark, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Sanford H. Bolz; John V. Gaughan, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Francis C. Brooke; Italo M. Tarantola, of
Flemington, N. J., and Salvatore J. Vuocolo, of Jersey City, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Francis L. Coyle; Evander Cade Smith IV, of
Anchorage, Alaska, Edward Aloysius White, of Washington, D. C.,
and Edwin T. Marmorstone, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Edwin A. Mooers; Nathaniel S. Colley, of Sacramento, Calif., on
motion of Mr. George M. Johnson; Kenneth D. Wood, of Silver
Spring, Md., Victor William Caputy, of Washington, D. C., Richard
J. Snider, of Cleveland, Ohio, Oscar Altshuler, of Washington, D. C.,
Alexander Louis Stevas, of Washington, D. C., Samuel J. L'Homme-
dieu, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Oliver Gasch, of Washington,
D. C., Gerard J. O'Brien, of Washington, D. C., Edward O'Brien
Fennell, of Washington, D. C., Alfred Burka, of Washington, D. C.,
George H. Foster, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Louis Andrew Carroll,
of Washington, D. C., George J. Donegan, of Springfield, Mo., and
E. Riley Casey, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leo A. Rover,
were admitted to practice.
H
1
The Chief Justice announced the death, on May 17, 1955, of Owen
J. Roberts, of Pennsylvania, a former Associate Justice of this Court.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
255
No. 357. Ciraco Maneja, Antone Vierra, Tadao Watanabe, et al.,
petitioners, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited; and
No. 358. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Hawaii for proceedings consistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton in No. 357 concurring in part and dissenting in
part in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 616. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, etc., petitioner, v. United States
ex rel. Joseph Accardi. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals reversed and that of District Court affirmed and case re-
manded to the United States Distict Court for the Southern District
of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 10. The United States, petitioner, v. Olympic Radio and Tele-
vision, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Claims for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 417. Lewyt Corporation (now known as Lewyt Manufacturing
Corporation), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On
writ of certiorari to the United State Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed in part and reversed in part and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Reed and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 8. Thomas Quinn, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia with directions to enter a judgment of acquittal.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Opinion by Mr. Justice Har-
lan concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 9. Julius Emspak, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
256
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia with directions to enter a judgment of
acquittal. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Minton joins. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 117. Philip Bart, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia with directions to enter a judgment of acquittal. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed in which Mr. Justice Minton joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 623. National Bank of Detroit, a National Banking Associa-
tion, appellant, v. Department of Revenue of the State of Michigan.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
No. 694. David Rines, Individually and as Administrator of Estate
of Lucy L. Rines, Petitioner to Establish the Truth of Exceptions,
appellant. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachu-
setts. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 701. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, appellant, v. The Budd
Company (Formerly Edward G. Budd Manufacturing Company) et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle Dis-
trict. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for failure to properly present a federal question. As to
questions not subject to review by appeal the papers whereon the ap-
peal was taken are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari and
certiorari is denied for the reason that the judgments rest on adequate
state grounds.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State of
Louisiana. This case is set for hearing on Monday, October 10, next,
on the exceptions to the report of the Special Master. The brief of
the State of Louisiana is to be filed on or before August 25 and that of
the State of Mississippi 30 days after service of brief of the State
of Louisiana.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State of
Louisiana. It is ordered by this Court that D. K. McKamy, Esquire,
313093-55-75

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
257
be and he is hereby, awarded the sum of $15,000 as compensation for
his sevices as Special Master in this case, and that his disburse-
ments totaling $935.32 be allowed.
Subject to any further order as to the division of costs each party
is directed to pay the Special Master one-half of the total of the
compensation awarded and disbursements allowed.
No. 704. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Myrtle Grove Packing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 715. Rex Trailer Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 736. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Sierra Pacific
Power Company; and
No. 744. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sierra
Pacific Power Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted and the cases assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 436 and 556.
No. 416, Misc. Judson Griffin and James Crenshaw, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois granted and case transferred to the appel-
late docket.
No. 319. Henry R. Pickett, Richard L. Kirby, and Harold Wirsing,
petitioners, v. State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 702. Ugo Rossi, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 705. Winnie Colbert, now Brians, petitioner, v. C. W. Rood-
house. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 706. The United States, petitioner, v. Russell H. Williams,
d/b/a Williams Equipment Co., et al.; and
No. 707. The United States, petitioner, v. General Casualty Com-
pany of America et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.

+
MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
258
No. 708. Anglo Chinese Shipping Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 709. William A. Berry, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 711. Consolidated Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 717. Sydney J. Wood, Doing Business Under the Firm Name
and Style of 53rd Street Subway Liquor Store, petitioner v. John M.
O'Grady, Individually and as President, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 719. Jerry Allen Niles, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 720. Elmer J. Schnackenberg, petitioner, v. Roland Towle.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 726. Robert Maxwell Watts, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 730. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia
Trust Company, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 712. Thoger Gronborg Jungersen, petitioner, v. Axel Bros.,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 714. Dictograph Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 727. Warren E. Wright, Successor to Elmer J. Hoffman, Treas-
urer of the State of Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Mississippi River
Fuel Corporation. The motion that cause proceed with Warren
E. Wright as one of the petitioners is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 584. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. The petition for rehear-
ing is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
259
No. 238, Misc. Ronceford Lovejoy, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 398, Misc. John Collins, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 428, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 532, Misc. Sigmund Pollack, petitioner, v. James T. Aspbury
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 535, Misc. George J. Furman, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 539, Misc. Norman J. Brabson, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 570, Misc. Reece A. Lawson, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 571, Misc. Rudolf Worbetz, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 572, Misc. George W. Porter, Jr., petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virigina State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 591, Misc. Harley Butler, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 561, Misc. Commodore Perry Sam, petitioner, v. Lawrence E.
Delmore, Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Washington denied. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 660, Misc. Eugene Burwell, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. The petition for stay of execution is denied. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California also denied.
No. 678, Misc. James Alonzo Rogers, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. The petition for stay of execution is denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
also denied.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1955
260
No. 516, Misc. Ruth Farnum, petitioner, v. Dr. Newton Bigelow,
Commissioner, etc., et al. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus and for other relief is denied.
No. 553, Misc. Ex parte Clarence L. Butler, petitioner;
No. 562, Misc. Wayman Clinton Hamilton, petitioner, v. Herbert
Brownell, Jr., U. S. Attorney General; and
No. 585, Misc. William Henry Chapman, petitioner, v. C. H.
Looney, Warden, et al. The motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus are severally denied.
Order
The Court will take a recess from today until Tuesday, May 31,
next.
Adjourned until Tuesday May 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
261
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice:
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Robert E. Nelson, of Green Bay, Wis., Paul Joseph Clerman, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., Oscar G. Peterson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Sidney S.
Levine, of New York, N. Y., Benjamin H. Stadtmauer, of Garfield,
N. J., Alice E. Rubin, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Milton Berzin, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobel-
off; Herman Welker, of Payette, Idaho, and George Donart, of
Weiser, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Stanley N. Barnes; Daniel F. De-
Lear, of Jersey City, N. J., Leo Kaplowitz, of Linden, N. J., Emanuel
Margulies, of Linden, N. J., and James Joseph Mahoney, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. James Cunningham Murray; Harold Brady
Johnson, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner;
Colette B. Dusthimer, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis;
George Tilford, of Malverne, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Albert H.
Bosch; G. Hugo Whitehouse, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul
G. Rogers, Jr.; McKinley Clayton Lewis, Jr., of Hot Springs, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. W. F. Norrell; James A. Winters, of San Antonio,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Owen M. Panner, of Bend,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter Norblad; William Biddick, Jr., of
Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr. Justin Leroy Johnson; Robert R.
Renfro, of Portland, Oreg., Warren Cecil Jaycox, of Washington,
D. C., Ernest M. Page, Jr., of Madison, Fla., Fred L. Belcher, of Nash-
ville, Ga., James T. Bennett, Jr., of Valdosta, Ga., Richard Har-
court Moore III, of Fort Worth, Tex., Joseph Patrick Burt, of Fort
Worth, Tex., Travis E. Alley, of Fort Worth, Tex., Jack Gordon Ball,
of Fort Worth, Tex., Harry Boehme, Jr., of Miami, Fla., George W.
Overshiner, of Abilene, Tex., Dan Martin Fergus, of Abilene, Tex.,
Carlisle G. Whitten, of Abilene, Tex., Tom Gordon, of Abilene, Tex.,
Robert Milton McClosky, of Miami Beach, Fla., Martin Greenbaum, of
Miami Beach, Fla., Bennett M. Lifter, of Miami Beach, Fla., Al L.
Schneider, of Jacksonville, Fla., Marshall M. Chern, of Miami, Fla.,
Irving Peskoe, of Homestead, Fla., and John Alexander Kendrick, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Pat
A. McCormick, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Royal
313093-55- --76

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
262
E. Jackson; Bernard M. Eiber, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mrs. Geraldine T. Eiber; Israel H. Saltman, of Perth Amboy,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Jackson Brodsky; B. M. Berla, of Dover,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Sanford H. Bolz; Donald McLellan
Davidson, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. James R. Browning,
Jr.; Andrew A. Lipscomb, of Washington, D. C., Robert Meade
Gray, of Washington, D. C., and Walter Franklin Sheble, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Geoffrey Creyke, Jr.; Robert
S. Spilman, Jr., of Charleston, W. Va., Frederick Lionel Thomas,
Jr., of Charleston, W. Va., and Lyell Buffington Clay, of Charleston,
W. Va., on motion of Mr. Richard C. Marshall III; W. E. Keeley,
of Deer Lodge, Mont., on motion of Mr. B. K. Wheeler; Robert
Edward Frederick, of Phillipsburg, N. J., Stanley E. Rutkowski,
of Trenton, N. J., Stanley M. Epstein, of Boston, Mass., John George
Thevos, of Paterson, N. J., Vincent D. Girard, of Trenton, N. J.,
John Palaschak, Jr., of Hopewell, N. J., Stephen J. Zielinski, of
Trenton, N. J., Alexander E. Fasoli, of Paterson, N. J., William
J. Arnold, of Englewood, N. J., Fred C. Galda, of Paramus, N. J.,
and Morris Malech, of Carlstadt, N. J., on motion of Mr. Ralph
F. Fusco; Benjamin Sneed, of New York, N. Y., and Marion Gaines
Hill, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Howard E. Bell; John
Harold Cassidy, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Royal
L. Coburn; Robert Gregory Sampson, of Chicago, Ill., and Patrick
W. Dunne, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne;
Joseph M. Syman, of Milwaukee, Wis., Andrew Charles Shane, of
Milwaukee, Wis., Robert Watson Landry, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
Alvin Robert Meyer, of Milwaukee, Wis., Andrew G. Kohlan, of
Minneapolis, Minn., A. Harold Peterson, of Chisago City, Minn.,
Otis Hampton Prinkey, of St. Louis Park, Minn., Joseph Carl
Schwalbach, of Milwaukee, Wis., Frank Charles Conrad, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., Albert Milton Stanich, of Milwaukee, Wis., John M.
Reinhart, of Milwaukee, Wis., Harold Harris, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
David J. Schoetz, of Milwaukee, Wis., Joseph A. Blatecky, of
Milwaukee, Wis., Elliot N. Walstead, of Milwaukee, Wis., W.
Warren Cole, Jr., of Daytona Beach, Fla., David V. Jennings, Jr.,
of Milwaukee, Wis., Martin B. Gedlen, of Milwaukee, Wis., Stanley
D. Celichowski, of Milwaukee, Wis., Edmond F. Zeisig, of Milwaukee,
Wis., Harold G. Wines, of Milwaukee, Wis., James J. Bonifas, of
Milwaukee, Wis., Walter E. Riordan, of Minneapolis, Minn., Homer
E. Truss, of Milwaukee, Wis., Robert James Casper, of Shorewood,
Wis., Robert Michael Curley, of Milwaukee, Wis., John Joseph
Ermenc, of Shorewood, Wis., Harvey George Odenbrett, of Wau-
watosa, Wis., Patrick Hammond Fass, of Milwaukee, Wis., and
Patrick John Madden, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Francis
La Mar Forshee; George David Parrish, of Miami, Fla., on motion

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
263
of Mr. H. Donald Kistler; Frank Groom Kirtz, of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Edmund Clynes, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gordon
S. Harrison; Robert H. Weinstein, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Abraham H. Weinstein; Nicholas Ewing Oglesby, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James J. Shanley; John P.
Allison, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard C. Acker-
mann; Jerome G. Shapiro, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Harold L. Smith; John H. Dougherty, of Falls Church, Va., on
motion of Mr. Charles H. Vaughn; Irving M. Pollack, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William H. Timers; Herbert E. Arfman, of
Salem, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James G. Gregg; Robert Coe, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Harry Clabaugh Lamberton;
John L. Finn, of Rockville, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert Miller
Thorniley; Miriam Milliken deHaas, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Daniel J. Andersen; Joseph E. Monaghan, of
Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. Frederick R. Tansill; James
Thomas Smith, of Annapolis, Md., on motion of Mr. Thomas J.
Tingley; Warren Daley Quenstedt, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Milton D. Korman; John Edward McCarty, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. William S. Tyson; Joseph Peter Adams, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Roscoe Rizley; Paul Julian Kern,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harry N. Rosenfield; Ellis
Fletcher Morris, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron;
John M. Cunneen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Laurence
H. Axman; George Philip Newton, of Baker, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. Allan Oakley Hunter; Frederick H. Cole, of Petersburg, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Newell A. Clapp; Dulse Lux Hudnall, of Tyler,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Mastin G. White; John A. Hayes, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Eugene T. Kinnaly; Robert R. Irwin, Jr.,
of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; Releford
McGriff, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. Waddy;
Garnett Thomas Eisele, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Jay
W. Glasmann; Edwin Segal, of Camden, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Y. D. Mathes; Pearl Michael, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. John Calvin Williamson; Robert S. Kreindler, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William H. Collins, and G. Duane Vieth,
of Washington, D. C., and Abraham Krash, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Abe Fortas, were admitted to practice.
No. 145. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. John M. Bonds, Officer in
Charge, U. S. Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Opinion by

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
264
Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 1. Oliver Brown, Mrs. Richard Lawton, Mrs. Sadie Emmanuel,
et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of Topeka, Shawnee County,
Kansas, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Kansas;
No. 2. Harry Briggs, Jr., et al., appellants, v. R. W. Elliott, Chair-
man, J. D. Carson, et al., Members of Board of Trustees of School
District #22, Clarendon County, S. C., et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of South Carolina;
No. 3. Dorothy E. Davis, Bertha M. Davis, and Inez D. Davis, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. County School Board of Prince Edward County,
Virginia, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Virginia;
No. 4. Spottswood Thomas Bolling et al., petitioners, v. C. Melvin
Sharpe et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; and
No. 5. Francis B. Gebhart, William B. Horner, Eugene H. Shall-
cross, et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Louise Belton, an Infant, by her
Guardian Ad litem, Ethel Belton et al. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Delaware. Judgments below, except that in
the Delaware case, reversed with costs and cases remanded to the
District Courts to take such proceedings and enter such orders and
decrees consistent with the opinion of the Court announced today as
are necessary and proper to admit to public schools on a racially non-
discriminatory basis with all deliberate speed the parties to these
cases. The judgment in the Delaware case-ordering the immediate
admission of the plaintiffs to schools previously attended only by white
children is affirmed on the basis of the principles stated in the opinion
of this Court of May 17, 1954, but the case is remanded to the Supreme
Court of Delaware for such further proceedings as that court may
deem necessary in light of the opinion announced today. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 663. William Y. Fong, as Guardian Ad litem for Fong Wone
Jing, et al., petitioners, v. John Foster Dulles, as Secretary of State.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
265
vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court for a new
trial in accordance with the Government's suggestion.
No. 677. Walter E. Meyer et al., appellants, v. St. Louis South-
western Railway Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Missouri. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 742. William H. Combs et al., appellants, v. The Illinois State
Toll Highway Commission et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Per Curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. The
motion to limit the time for filing rehearing and to issue the mandate
forthwith is granted. Petition for rehearing, if any, is to be filed
prior to 11:00 a. m., Friday, June 3d.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. This case is set for hearing on Monday, October 10th,
next, on the exceptions to the report of the Special Master dated
January 31, 1955.
No. 690. Victor D. Gibson, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft Serv-
ice, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 718. Communist Party of the United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 731. Norman C. Bernhardt, petitioner, v. Polygraphic Com-
pany of America, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 458, Misc. Daniel Castaneda Gonzales, petitioner, v. H. R.
Landon, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization of
District No. 16, et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case
is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 588, Misc. Amos Reece, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia granted and
the case is transferred to the appellate docket and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 628.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
266
4
No. 679. Gordon Smith, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 721. Lew Wah Fook, as Guardian Ad litem for Lew Suey Yet,
also known as Lew Thew Yut, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
as Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 722. Joseph T. Connolly, Receiver of Salt Springs National
Bank, et al., petitioners, v. First Trust & Deposit Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 723. Sheldon Wheeler, petitioner, v. United States of America ;
and
No. 724. William McGowan, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 725. Capitol Hill Southeast Citizens Association, petitioner, v.
Theodore I. Coe et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 728. S. P. Beecher, Farm Debtor, petitioner, v. Leavenworth
State Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 732. Merchants Matrix Cut Syndicate, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. United States of America and Clark-Congress Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 734. Vermont Transit Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 737. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 739. Business Men's Assurance Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. Hubert Wesley Driggers. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 740. Keith M. Beaty, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 741. Walter Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
267
No. 745. William J. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Philip W. Snyder,
Commander, Boston Naval Shipyard, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 746. Thys Company and E. Clemens Horst Company, petition-
ers, v. Anglo-California National Bank, Executor of the Estate of
Sophia Oeste, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 748. Mall Tool Company, petitioner, v. Borg-Warner Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 768. Harold B. Gordon, etc., petitioner, v. Minerva Gordon
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Probate Court of Massa-
chusetts, Bristol County, denied.
No. 773. Tubular Service and Engineering Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Sun Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 667. Heber A. Peterson et al., petitioners, v. Phillips Petroleum
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 735. Jane Froman, petitioner, v. Pan American Airways, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 478. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing is denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 632. Ann B. Roseman Lloyd, petitioner, v. Robert W. Camp-
bell, Executor of the Estate of Charles E. Roseman, Jr., Deceased,
et al.; and
No. 670. Herschel S. Green and Madge Green, petitioners, v. Oscar
L. Green et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 143, Misc., October Term, 1953. Jay Paul Shelton, petitioner, v.
United States of America. The motion to vacate the order of Novem-
ber 30, 1953, dismissing the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.

'
TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1955
268
No. 161, Misc. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Leavenworth State
Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 464, Misc. William Heirens, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 542, Misc. Charles Von Glahn, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 543, Misc. Earlon S. Sell, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 583, Misc. Hugh Norman Harrison, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 586, Misc. Minor Sorber, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
-.
No. In re Disbarment of Edmond C. Fletcher. The motion to
vacate the order of disbarment is denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 6,
next, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise.
ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
269
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Bernard Katzen, of New York, N. Y., Bernard C. Rachner, of
Elgin, Ill., Julius Christian Renninger, of Takoma Park, Md., Eugene
S. Kwasniewski, of Evanston, Ill., Robert L. Scharf, of Chicago, Ill.,
and Paul H. Fields, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Roland B. Voight, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Clarence Emory Goodman, Jr.,
of Morristown, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; David C.
Wood, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Frank J. Staley;
Hugh Q. Alexander, of Kannapolis, N. C., Geo. A. Shuford, of Ashe-
ville, N. C., Arthur Eldridge Leake, of Marshall, N. C., and Woodrow
Wilson Jones, of Rutherfordton, N. C., on motion of Mr. Samuel J.
Ervin, Jr.; Jerome D. Fenton, of Westport, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Wilber M. Brucker; Walter Sterling Surrey, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Milton Sevack, of Linden, N. J., Har-
old Krieger, of Jersey City, N. J., and Thomas W. McVey, of Jersey
City, N. J., on motion of Mr. T. Thomas Tumulty; Robert F. Ken-
nedy, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John L. McClellan; Theodor
H. Unterman, of Fair Lawn, N. J., on motion of Mr. Nathan Rubey;
Israel G. Seeger, of Manhasset, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ray R.
Murdock; Malleck George Coury, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Page Belcher; Ernest C. Tucker, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Michael Francis Xavier Dolan; Jack L. Holstein, of Newark,
N. J., Salvatore E. Intintola, of Newark, N. J., George A. Costello,
of Newark, N. J., Daniel Saxon Bell, of East Orange, N. J., Michael
J. Adubato, of Newark, N. J., Michael J. Kosloski, of Newark, N. J.,
Burnett B. Zimmerman, of Newark, N. J., and Ernest N. Giannone,
of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; John F. Ander-
son, of Winchester, Va., on motion of Mr. James Randolph Larrick;
John Geoffrey Will, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Edward W.
Fisher; John S. Conroy 3d, of Burlington, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Charles R. Richey; John H. Smith, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
John J. O'Keefe; Lawrence S. Schulman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Edgar Douglas Burgor; Stephen P. Kennedy, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick J. Ludwig; Alfred John Neilson,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Charles Patrick Clark;
313093-55-77

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
270
Prince A. Hawkins, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Rufus King;
Arthur B. Focke, of Wood Acres, Md., on motion of Mr. Frank H.
Weitzel; Ruth J. Fielding, of Plant City, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Walter H. E. Jaeger; Madison S. DuBois, of Camden, N. J., on motion
of Mr. John W. Pehle; David Proctor, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Archie D. Gray; Ben Lawson, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Myron C. Baum; Peter Friedman, of Newton, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Frank G. Schlosser; Richard E. Bauman, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. James Thaddeus Clark; Edward de Grazia, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald C. Beelar; and Edward
Francis Seitzinger, of Mapleton, Iowa, on motion of Mr. John R.
Duree, were admitted to practice.
No. 20. James R. Ellis, as President of the Yonkers Committee for
Peace, an Unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. William Dixon
et al., as Members of the Board of Education of the City of Yonkers,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Ap-
pellate Division, Second Department. Writ of certiorari dismissed
as improvidently granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dis-
senting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 367. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. The State of
Oregon et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 375. Virgil G. Carroll, Harry B. Hogan, Doing Business as
Harry B. Hogan Painting Company, et al., petitioners, v. M. Lanza,
Doing Business as Lake Charles Electric Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 387. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. C. W. Vollmer & Company, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
271
No. 131. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorff, J. H. Sylvester, et al.,
petitioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 412. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Georgia for reconsideration.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Clark in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Clark join.
No. 451. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Allen-
town Broadcasting Corp. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 163. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, Co-Partners Trad-
ing as Independent Poster Exchange, petitioners, v. National Screen
Service Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 376. John P. Peters, petitioner, v. Oveta Culp Hobby et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia for entry of a decree in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton
joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
272
No. 581, Misc. Morris W. Lee, petitioner, v. A. McDonald, Warden,
Federal Correctional Institution, Texarkana, Texas. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted. The judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to
the District Court with directions to dismiss the petition for writ of
habeas corpus upon the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 815. Judson Griffin and James Crenshaw, petitioners, v. People
of the State of Illinois. It is ordered that Charles A. Horsky, Esquire,
of Washington, D. C., a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed
to serve as counsel for the petitioners in this case.
No. 150. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner, v. Harold E. Talbott, Secretary of the United States Air Force.
This case is restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 763. William Ludwig Ullmann, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion for leave to file brief of Emergency Civil Liber-
ties Committee, as amicus curiae, is denied. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 790. Lonnie Affronti, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 793. United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Salt Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 653. Jose Marques Couto, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaugh-
nessy, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization for the
District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 743. C. Russell Feldmann et al., petitioners, v. Jane Perlman
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 747. Irene L. Fairbairn, as Administratrix of the Goods,
Chattels, and Credits of Robert L. Fairbairn, Deceased, petitioner, v.
North Atlantic and Gulf Steamship Company. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
273
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 749. Henry Heide, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board; and
No. 783. Candy and Confectionery Workers Union, Local 452,
AFL, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 750. Vincent Cefalu, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 751. West Texas Utilities Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 752. Hurley A. Walters, W. Hoyt Knight, Otis Rollison, et al.,
petitioners, v. Frank Wheeler Hall. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 753. H. Koch & Sons, a Partnership Consisting of M. P. Koch
et al., petitioners, v. Hycon Mfg. Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 755. Frank Cammarata, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 756. Permanente Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Henry
Peterson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 764. Everest Melvin Hupman, a/k/a Melvin E. Hupman,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 767. Wm. H. Frantz et al., Individually and as Co-Partners
Doing Business as Frantz Equipment Company, a Co-Partnership,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 769. City of Amarillo, petitioner, v. Olive Copeland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 770. Margaret Johnson, as Administratrix of the Goods,
Chattels, and Credits of Charles Johnson, Deceased, petitioner, v. The
New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
313093-55-78

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
274
No. 772. Brutus Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 775. The United States, petitioner, v. James Joseph Roberson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 776. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Harold B. Wackerle and Evelyn Wackerle. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 778. John L. Bishop et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 781. Norris McAlmond, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore, Jr.,
Warden and Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary,
Walla Walla, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Washington denied.
No. 786. National Savings and Trust Company and Charles T.
Tittmann, Surviving Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 811. Isadore Brill, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Phillip's, Inc.,
etc., petitioner, v. Cohen & Miller Advertising, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 840. Ernest J. Pirman et al., petitioners, v. Florida State
Improvement Commission and State Road Department of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 758. National Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Thelma Scholnik.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 762. Lyles & Lang Construction Company, petitioner, v. E. I.
du Pont de Nemours & Company and United States of America; and
No. 785. E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company, petitioner, v. Lyles
& Lang Construction Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 152, October Term, 1952. Mondakota Gas Company, petitioner,
v. Montana-Dakota Utilities Co. The motion for leave to file petition

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
275
for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 459. Anthony Lopiparo, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
No. 646. Carl Bianchi, L. A. Thompson, and William Poster, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America;
No. 657. J. Stacey Henderson, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 681. Charles Gusick, petitioner, v. Arizona;
No. 697. Bennie C. Caldwell, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 742. William H. Combs et al., appellants, v. The Illinois State
Toll Highway Commission et al.;
No. 538, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey;
No. 565, Misc. James Garrow, Jr., petitioner, v. State of California;
and
No. 566, Misc. Geraldine V. DeFoe, petitioner, v. Weaver Bros., Inc.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 541, Misc. Richard Allen Thrailkill, an Infant, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Baltimore and Ohio R. R. Co. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 93, Misc. James C. Hartfield, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 160, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. B. C. Tomlinson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 188, Misc. Charles Westbrook, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 211, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 235, Misc. James E. Mason, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., as Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
276
No. 291, Misc. William Hightower, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 336, Misc. Raymond Harvey Ross, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 359, Misc. Fred Russell Harris, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 395, Misc. Ralph D. Rutledge, petitioner, v. State of Kansas
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 397, Misc. John A. Provancher, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 420, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Courtney,
Morris G. Meyers, Thomas J. Bowler, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 422, Misc. Talbot Jennings, petitioner, v. Fremont Nester,
Edward. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 426, Misc. William Strong, petitioner, v. Charles A. Edmond-
son, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 427, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. Carlton Hayward and
Louis Levine. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 429, Misc. Robert Parker, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 430, Misc. Roland Thomas Pond, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 431, Misc. Herbert Clark, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 459, Misc. Wm. H. Crozier, Jr., and Mary K. Crozier, petition-
ers, v. Bank of Hawaii and Royal Indemnity Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 492, Misc. Robert J. Kubus, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
277
No. 500, Misc. Billie Frield Swaggerty, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 501, Misc. Herman Hayman, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 502, Misc. George William Hodge, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 507, Misc. Lewis W. Hite, petitioner, v. Western Maryland
Railway. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 508, Misc. Charles H. Lunce and John R. Reynolds, petition-
ers, v. State of Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana denied.
No. 509, Misc. Henry C. Simpson, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin, California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 510, Misc. William Henry Ward, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 518, Misc. John Burden, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 524, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. H. G. Morris and
Wife, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 533, Misc. John Witt, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee, Direc-
tor of Correction of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 534, Misc. Evelyn Bates, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Jaime Francis Edwards, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 546, Misc. Leslie Hudson, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 552, Misc. Joe Applebaum and Bertram E. Simms, a Partner-
ship, d/b/a Center Amusements, petitioners, v. Paramount Pictures,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
278
No. 575, Misc. Dexter C. Dayton, petitioner, v. James V. Bennett,
Director, Bureau of Prisons, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 582, Misc. Lawrence Condon, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, New York, denied.
No. 584, Misc. Louis Serraille, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 587, Misc. John Plocar, petitioner, v. A. B. Foster, Sheriff.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 592, Misc. Harry Baldridge, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 594, Misc. Gerard E. Nistal, petitioner, v. Karl F. Hausauer,
Commanding General of the New York National Guard. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 597, Misc. Alvin S. Randall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 598, Misc. Howard D. Mitchell, petitioner, v. State of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 603, Misc. Frank A. Barnes, petitioner, v. Federal Communi-
cations Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 605, Misc. Louis Lyons, petitioner, v. Eugene Weems, Jr., and
Charles Weems, Doing Business as Weems Brothers Seafood Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi denied.
No. 606, Misc. Leonard J. Vraniak, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 607, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois denied.
No. 608, Misc. James Bell Yager, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 609, Misc. Eugene Galle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
279
No. 610, Misc. George Howard Hall, Jr., petitioner, v. People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 611, Misc. Carlos Rodriguez, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 612, Misc. John R. Vandever, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 613, Misc. Koger A. Wilson, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 614, Misc. William A. Sproch, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 615, Misc. John A. Woods, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 616, Misc. William Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 620, Misc. Ralph Freccia, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 621, Misc. Ronald H. Boone, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judi-
cial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 622, Misc. Ed. Milan, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 623, Misc. Rose Cabell Hill, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 624, Misc. James Henry Ford, petitioner, v. District of Colum-
bia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 625, Misc. Girardo V. DeLorenzo, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 626, Misc. Richard H. Davis, petitioner, v. Arthur E. Summer-
field, Postmaster General. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
280
No. 627, Misc. Grady P. Hicks and Lydia Joan Hicks, Husband and
Wife, petitioners, v. William Corbett, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 628, Misc. Elmer S. Lenz, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 629, Misc. Thomas Harvey, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison
Custodian of the State of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 631, Misc. Martin S. Pratt, petitioner, v. Department of the
Army et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 632, Misc. Joseph Moyle, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden of the California State Prison at San Quentin. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.`
No. 633, Misc. Harold Page, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary, Moundsville, W. Va. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
denied.
No. 634, Misc. Walter C. Cason, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 635, Misc. Charles A. Byrnes, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 636, Misc. Edward Pugliese, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judi-
cial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 640, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 641, Misc. William B. Lancaster, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 645, Misc. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied.
No. 646, Misc. C. J. Worthington, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 647, Misc. Gavoer Manhat, petitioner, v. United States of
America and Project Construction Corporation et al. Petition for

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
281
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 648, Misc. Raymond E. Hall, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 649, Misc. Eugene Wallace, Sr., petitioner, v. Copiah County
Lumber Company and Lumbermen's Mutual Casualty Insurance Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 651, Misc. John A. Curtis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 652, Misc. Gabriel Vincente Marcias, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District,
denied.
No. 653, Misc. J. W. Philyaw, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 654, Misc. Erskine Gates, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 655, Misc. Nathaniel Firmstone, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 656, Misc. Francis L. Malvin, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 661, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 662, Misc. Ernest Tait, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 667, Misc. William J. Wohl, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Nassau County, New York, denied.
No. 671, Misc. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Secretaries of
the U. S. Air Force, U. S. Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 672, Misc. Frank Buzzie, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
282
No. 676, Misc. Frank Hamilton, petitioner, v. Hon. Lester G.
Baker, Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Dearborn County, Indiana, denied.
No. 677, Misc. Louis Charizio, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 679, Misc. Sylvester Zakowicki, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Con-
boy, Superintendent of Great Meadows Correctional Institution, Com-
stock, N. Y. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 681, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 684, Misc. Wilbur Hudson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 685, Misc. James W. Doris, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 686, Misc. Thomas F. Owens, Jr., petitioner, v. George A.
Cummings, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 691, Misc. Calman Cooper, Nathan Wissner, and Harry A.
Stein, petitioners, v. Wilfred L. Denno, Warden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 580, Misc. Sarah D. Bollotin, petitioner, v. Workman Service
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 292, Misc. Ralph H. Manchester, petitioner, v. Clarence T.
Gladden, Warden;
No. 643, Misc. Donald C. Rooks, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System;
No. 658, Misc. George Groat, petitioner, v. Agent of United States
Judge Theodore Levin et al.; and
No. 666, Misc. Earl C. Weldon, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Attorney General, et al. The motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 306, Misc. Leroy Kendrick, petitioner, v. W. M. Manning,
Superintendent of South Carolina Penitentiary;

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
No. 335, Misc. Ex parte William Hightower, petitioner;
283
No. 596, Misc. Houston Collins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden of Illinois State Penitentiary;
No. 617, Misc. John C. Farris and Marie J. Nakatla, petitioners,
v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden, et al.;
No. 650, Misc. Calvin E. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 657, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. William H. Hard-
wick, Warden;
No. 664, Misc. Charles E. Hamilton, petitioner, v. E. J. Uffelman,
Superintendent, Illinois State Security Hospital;
No. 665, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. Chesley H.
Looney, Warden;
No. 669, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Harold Baynes;
No. 674, Misc. Samuel Kelley, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia et al.;
No. 675, Misc. Edward J. Wellens, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California;
No. 680, Misc. Ex parte Odell Jackson, petitioner; and
No. 682, Misc. Francis J. Hilderbrand, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W.
Steele, Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 638, Misc. In the Matter of Herman Howlery, petitioner. The
application is denied.
No. 659, Misc. Walter G. Danker, petitioner, v. Raymond W. Starr,
Judge, etc.;
No. 670, Misc. Ex parte Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner; and
No. 683, Misc. Harry Lancaster, petitioner, v. W. Wallace Kent,
Judge, U. S. District Court for the Western District of Michigan.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are
denied.
- In the Matter of L. Barrett Jones. It appearing that all costs
in the cases of Amalgamated Association of Street, Electric Railway,
etc., et al., v. Southern Bus Lines, Nos. 716 and 717, of the October
Term, 1952, have now been paid, the rule to show cause is discharged.
-
In the Matter of J. B. Baltzegar. It appearing that all costs in
the case of Rickenbaker v. United States, No. 229, of the October
Term, 1954, have now been paid, the rule to show cause is discharged.
- In the Matter of George S. Hawke. The rule to show cause is
discharged, it appearing that the respondent died prior to the date
the rule issued.

MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1955
284
- In the Matter of William B. Collins. It appearing that the
rule to show cause has not been served because the respondent cannot
be located, the rule is discharged.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that paragraph 1 of Rule 41 of the Rules of this Court
be amended to read as follows:
1. Counsel for the appellant or petitioner shall file with the
clerk forty copies of his printed brief on the merits, within
thirty days after receipt by him of the printed record transmitted
by the clerk pursuant to Rule 36 (5), or within forty-five days
of the order noting or postponing probable jurisdiction or of
the order granting the writ of certiorari, whichever is later.
Where copies of the record as printed for the use of the court
below are furnished, such brief shall be filed within forty-five
days of the order noting or postponing probable jurisdiction
or of the order granting certiorari. Where, however, a case is
placed on the calendar too late in the term to be reached for
argument before the commencement of the next term, the clerk
will so notify the parties. In that event, counsel for the appellant
or petitioner need not file the required number of copies of his
brief prior to August 25, if that date would be later than thirty
days after receipt of the printed record.
The Chief Justice said:
"Beginning next term and until further notice the Court will not
hear arguments or hold open sessions on Friday. That day will
be reserved for conferences of the Court, heretofore held on Saturday.
"This change in our schedule will not affect the number of cases
to be heard during the term. The Court is current with its calendar
and expects to remain so.
"Normally, in order to obviate the possibility of inconvenience to
counsel coming from a distance, cases in which counsel reside nearby
will be listed for hearing on Thursday."
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"IT IS ORDERED by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.