OCTOBER TERM, 1955
STATISTICS
Number of cases on dockets___
Cases disposed of __.
Remaining on dockets...
9807
Miscella-
Original Appellate
Total
neous
15
1,020
821
1,856
4
865
768
1,637
11
155
53
219
Cases disposed of-Appellate Docket:
By written opinions___
By per curiam opinions or orders___
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases) ---
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_____
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinion__.
By per curiam opinions or orders...
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_____
By denial or withdrawal of other applications____
By dismissal of appeals
By transfer to Appellate Docket--
Number of written opinions_
Number of printed per curiam opinions___
Number of petitions for certiorari granted.
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned____
Number of admissions to bar_
REFERENCE INDEX
Court convened October 3.
103
116
3
643
0
11
579
155
16
7
82.
12
139
36
2,270
Page
Presidents of Uruguay and Italy attended Court sessions 97, 158
Harold B. Willey, announcement of retirement….
John T. Fey appointed Clerk effective June 30, 1956____-
Crombie J. D. Garrett appointed Deputy Clerk effective June
30, 1956
National Archives-clerk authorized to transfer manuscript
records and miscellaneous papers filed in cases docketed up
to 1832.
Sound amplifying equipment installed permanently in Court-
room and also tape recording equipment ___
360278-56-77
281
289
289
237

IJ
Attorney:
Motion for reinstatement of Norman J. Griffin granted
and order of disbarment vacated (300 Misc.)
Disbarment of Orille C. Gaudette (336 Misc.)
Change of name_
Counsel appointed (489, 460, 714) ---
Special Master, compensation awarded (10 Orig.)--
Rules of Criminal Procedure amended and reported to Con-
gress__
Page
42
103, 154
88
81, 119, 163
282
202
Opinion amended (23)
258
Orders and judgments amended (406 O. T. 1954, 298, 9 O. T.
1953-See 624, 66, 731, 436) ---
32, 148, 171, 199, 234, 239
Opinion by individual Justice designated "Reservation" (701,
713)
Dissenting opinions to be filed next term (701, 713).
Judgment announced―no opinion of the Court (95) …….
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (105, rehearing
granted: 201).
279
279
207
137, 179
Judgment reversed on Jurisdictional Statement (338) ---
Judgment state court vacated on jurisdictional statement cit-
ing Rescue Army v. Municipal Court and case remanded to
highest state court "in order that the case may be returned
to the Circuit Court." See later motion to recall and amend
mandate (366).
53
71, 172
Judgment affirmed on petition for certiorari (296, 861) - 87,282
Judgment vacated and cases remanded for dismissal of proceed-
ings in accordance with stipulation of parties as to mootness
(9, 14)_
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to District Court with directions to dismiss petition for habeas
corpus as moot (301); see also No. 18.
Judgments both courts vacated on petition for certiorari and
case remanded to District Court with direction to enter decree
in conformity with case decided same day (396) ---
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and judgment of
District Court reinstated (409).
86
59,80
60
71
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari on consideration
of record and confession of error (457)
106
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
to Court of Appeals for consideration in light of new infor-
mation (28 Misc.)---
119
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and cause remanded
to Court of Appeals for consideration in light of recently
decided case (41).
137

III
Judgment vacated on petition for certiorari and case remanded
for hearing on the sanity of petitioner at time of trial (22
Misc.)
Judgment of state court vacated on petition for certiorari on
ground cause moot (47 Misc.).
Judgment state court vacated on petition for certiorari and case
remanded for clarification as to whether decision rests on
state or federal grounds (223); see also 31 Misc---
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari (390, 298, 389,
504, 100, 699, 371 Misc., 915) --
Page
144
80
7,80
71, 87, 119, 128, 199, 208, 282
Judgment reversed (50) and vacated (30 Misc.) on petition for
certiorari and remanded to Court of Appeals for decision on
merits
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari upon considera-
tion of record and confession of error and case remanded for
new trial (91) __.
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari with four Justices
of opinion certiorari should not have been granted (143, 261,
209)
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari with one Justice
expressing the view certiorari should have been denied and
dissenting from judgment of reversal and three Justices of
opinion certiorari should have been denied. See opinion on
motion to recall mandate (436) --
6,7
7
7,137
80,239
Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of Dis-
trict Court reinstated on petition for certiorari with four
Justices voting to deny certiorari (40); see also No. 395 87, 60
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari and case remanded
for consideration of application for a certificate of probable
cause on the merits (262 Misc., 283 Misc.) -
Judgment reversed on petition for certiorari and case re-
manded to District Court for a hearing (196); for hearing
concerning circumstances surrounding plea of guilty (82
Misc.) ___
Judgment state court reversed on petition for certiorari (271,
425)
Order of District Court staying injunction vacated (Autherine
Lucy case 294 Misc.) --
Amicus curiae:
Case called to attention of I. C. C. (150) _
Motion to file brief granted (48, 397, 529).
7,8
41, 60
7,72
8
11
41, 63, 107
42, 234, 240, 284
124, 190.
179
Solicitor General invited to file brief (227, 728, 785, 821,
922) ---
Argued with consent of parties (79, 380).
State permitted to argue (451)-

IV
Argument:
Motion to postpone granted (18)
Argument directed (545, 244).
Motion to advance denied (692, 744) –
Page
32
208, 246
208
199, 208
Motion to continue denied (92, 451) --
Damages motion for denied (439) --
Fees-motion for allowance of attorney's fee granted (207).
Motion for clarification of mandate denied (42 O. T. 1952) ….
Motion for modification of opinion denied (131 O. T. 1954) ---
Motion to recall and amend judgment granted (406 O. T. 1954,
436) ___
111-
Motion for modification of decree denied (7 Orig.).
Motion to amend opinion denied without prejudice (51, 53) --
Motion to stay mandate denied (451) ___
Petition to perpetuate testimony granted (14 Orig.) --
Parties:
Motion to add party petitioner granted (242) -
Joint motion to add party respondent granted (241).
Government invited to set forth views as to indispensa-
bility of United States (9 Orig.) --
Motion to join parties in original action granted in part
(10 Orig.).
Record:
Motion to waive printing granted (105). See also motion
as to record granted in No. 308____
Motion to strike cross-designation granted (54); See also
order in No. 351___
Stay of execution granted (262 Misc., 283 Misc.) --
83
61
31
31
32, 239
32
255
283
99
12
283
40
98
72
99, 100
7,8
Stay, referred to Court, denied (474) (720 Misc.).
111, 262
Bail application denied. It had previously been denied by the
Circuit Justice (516 Misc.).
139
Temporary restraining order (15 Orig.)
282
Mandamus granted and Clerk of Court of Appeals directed to
docket appeal (277 Misc.) --
208
Appeal from Court of Appeals dismissed citing Slaker v.
O'Connor, 278 U. S. 188 (511)--
207
Appeal dismissed on ground judgment of state court rests on
an adequate non-federal basis citing Rule 16 (b) (732)-
Certificates dismissed (736, 737) see opinion__.
Certiorari:
Denied with one Justice voting to dismiss on ground no
case or controversy involved (277) ….
Denied without prejudice to application for a writ of
habeas corpus in District Court (579 Misc., 774, 772
Misc.)
25
250, 270, 289
233
192

V
Certiorari Continued
Writs dismissed (16, 92, 489, 257)
Page
52, 266, 279
Writ dismissed in criminal case where it was shown pe-
titioner had died and case remanded to Court of Ap-
peals for such further action as law and justice may
require (37) -
Motion to file supplement to petition granted (337) ….
Rehearing:
87
88
Granted in part and case ordered remanded to Court of
Appeals rather than to District Court (298) --
Granted after affirmance by equally divided Court (105) --
Order denying rehearing vacated and rehearing continued
148
172
to next term (312).
284
Order suspending call of docket entered April 30; arguments
completed May 3
226
Order fixing adjournment date_
276
Final order (June 11, 1956) ---
290
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRInting offiCE: 1956



MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Roderic R. Ashby, of Charleston, Mo., Melvin J. Sykes, of Balti-
more, Md., Samuel J. Nachwalter, of New York, N. Y., Sidney Z.
Fuchs, of New York, N. Y., David Noah Sugarman, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Irving Kirschenbaum, of New York, N. Y., Harry Z. Kaufman,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., Harold Lisinsky, of New York, N. Y., Herbert
M. Brune, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., Edward Larmour Rich, Jr., of
Baltimore, Md., Samuel Dash, of Philadelphia, Pa., David Valentine
Seaman, of Washington, D. C., Frederick Doran Carroll, of Chicago,
Ill., Milton Marlowe Konowe, of New York, N. Y., Victor Hugo
Wright, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., Hyman Aaron Pressman, of
Baltimore, Md., Leo Wiener, of New York, N. Y., Arthur H. Beyer,
of New York, N. Y., Herman N. Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., Alfred
Taffet, of New York, N. Y., Bernard Segall, of New York, N. Y.,
Michael M. Skodnick, of New York, N. Y., Leo J. Zimmerman, of
Jamaica, N. Y., Daniel Wolchok, of New York, N. Y., James Joseph
Wood, of New York, N. Y., John F. Whicher, of New York, N. Y.,
Harold Harris, of New Milford, N. J., Elmer Fried, of New York,
N. Y., Morris Weissman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Joseph A. McDonald,
of New York, N. Y., Joseph Louis Stein, of New York, N. Y., Hyman
Frank, of New York, N. Y., Franklin Scott Irby, of New York, N. Y.,
Herman G. Blumenthal, of New York, N. Y., Stanley H. Lowell, of
New York, N. Y., Melvin Howard Osterman, of New York, N. Y.,
Emil K. Ellis, of New York, N. Y., Eugene Wallman, of New York,
N. Y., Joseph I. Weichbrod, of New York, N. Y., Vincent J. Aiken,
of Arcadia, Calif., Benjamin Kleinberg, of South River, N. J.,
I. Philip Sipser, of New York, N. Y., Bernice P. Rogers, of New York,
N. Y., Henry J. Bendheim, of Englewood, N. J., Leonard Levinsohn,
of New York, N. Y., Margaret Mary Josephine Mangan, of New
York, N. Y., Seymour R. Thaler, of New York, N. Y., James V.
Altieri, of New York, N. Y., and Paul Simon, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Edward G. Bicek,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Barratt O'Hara; Paul Schofield, of
Chicago, Ill., Thomas H. Gignilliat, of Savannah, Ga., Evan Howell,
of Springfield, Ill., and George W. McGurn, of Elmhurst, Ill., on
1
360278-55-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1955
2
motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; Bryan Wilson, of Bement, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Norman W. Colquhoun, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, Herbert Bruce Griswold, of Cleveland, Ohio, Harris
K. Weston, of Cincinnati, Ohio, James A. Lake, Sr., of Lincoln,
Nebr., Ray C. Simmons, of Fremont, Nebr., John Michael Leahy,
of Chicago, Ill., James R. Ryan, of Tulsa, Okla., and Samuel Hess
Crossland, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. William S. Cheatham;
R. L. Arnold, of Texarkana, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. Fontaine
Broun; J. Haden Alldredge, of Washington, D. C., Anthony F.
Arpaia, of New Haven, Conn., Kenneth H. Tuggle, of Barbourville,
Ky., Owen F. Clarke, of Yakima, Wash., and John H. Winchell, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Samuel R. Howell; Edward T.
Stodola, of Washington, D. C., and Richard P. Tinkham, Jr., of
Wausau, Wis., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.; James Martin
Sutherland, of Atlanta, Ga., D. Byron King, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
Harold Robinson Clark, of Jacksonville, Fla., Robert Henry Traurig,
of Miami, Fla., Lanas Troxler, of Jacksonville, Fla., Claude R. Jones,
of Miami, Fla., Dudley Burton, of Miami, Fla., Frank M. Marks, of
Miami, Fla., Mervyn L. Ames, of Miami, Fla., Paul D. Barns, Jr.,
of Miami, Fla., Julian Robert Benjamin, of Miami, Fla., William
H. Frecker, of Tampa, Fla., Malcolm J. Hall, of Tampa, Fla., John
S. Duss, of Jacksonville, Fla., V. R. Fisher, of Tampa, Fla., John
Grady Hodges, of Tampa, Fla., Hammond Fowler, of Rockwood,
Tenn., James Gilbert Lackey, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., H. Francis
Stewart, of Nashville, Tenn., Julius R. Lunsford, Jr., of Atlanta,
Ga., Robert Langdon Foreman, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., Marion
Augustine Sams, of Atlanta, Ga., James C. Bowman, of Southport,
N. C., Louis Julien Poisson, Jr., of Wilmington, N. C., William Grier
Carver, of Lakeland, Fla., and Walter Wood Dean, of Alexander
City, Ala., on motion of Mr. Francis La Mar Forshee; Melvin Sacks,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harold Boxer; David Knox
McKamy, of Birmingham, Ala., and Andrew Johnston Thomas, of
Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Frontis H. Moore; Charles L.
Cavness, of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Noble J. Allen, Jr.;
Roy G. Simmons, of Toms River, N. J., on motion of Mr. John S.
Forsythe; Arthur Richenthal, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Carlile Bolton-Smith; Herman Brister DeCell, of Yazoo City,
Miss.; on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; Allan Mills Anderson,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Cornelius H. Doherty; Harry R.
Begley, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Douglas E. Smith; Frederick
Clifford Tyler, Jr., of Cleveland Heights, Ohio, and James Foster
Thompson, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harry D. Rees, Jr.;
Ruth V. Washington, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James M.
Nabrit, Jr.; Thomas W. Hathaway, of Tyler, Tex., and Ben F.
Johnson, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr. Mastin G. White; Milton

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1955
3
F. Lunch, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Milton I. Baldinger;
Cyrus Pfeiffer Trowbridge, of Stuart, Fla., and Robert D. Moran,
of Springfield, Mass., on motion of Mr. Howard Overholt Husband;
Howard Russell Whipple, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Gerald A. Sams; Harry B. Kelleher, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Donald Macleay; Paul A. Borel, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. John Hopkins Heires; Harold A. Harris, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Milton M. Burke; Mervin E. Templin, of Okla-
homa City, Okla., on motion of Mr. John Joseph Griffin; Andrew
Frank Kristovich, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Louis
Paul Haffer; Thomas F. Butler, Jr., of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Daniel M. Gribbon; Knox Baird Kinney, of Forrest City, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. D. Roland Potter; Josiah E. DuBois, Jr., of
Camden, N. J., and Alexander Feinberg, of Camden, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Lawrence S. Lesser; Jeanne Barbara Miles, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Perry W. Howard; Joseph P. Allen, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Jones; Edward Anthony
Kaier, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Edwin Haines Burgess;
Lyman A. Garber, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Walter R. Jones, Jr.,
of Rockingham, N. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick O. Graves; Coyle
E. Bybee, of Chico, Calif., and Jean Morony, of Chico, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Frederic P. Lee; and Henry Plauché Dart III, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Roger Hayward Muzzall, were
admitted to practice.
Adjourned until Monday, October 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos;
9, Orig., 11, Orig., and 5.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Carleton J. King, of Saratoga Springs, N. Y., Charles Howard
Fleishman, of Philadelphia, Pa., Michael J. Ferrara, of Hackensack,
N. J., George E. Dailey, of Hackensack, N. J., Frank M. Travaline,
Jr., of Camden, N. J., Harold C. Detling, of Gridley, Calif., Marvin
W. Mindes, of Chicago, Ill., Samuel Stephen Telep, of Greeley, Colo.,
Alfred A. Calabro, of Glendale, Calif., Edward H. Calabro, of Glen-
dale, Calif., Frank Joseph Guarini, Jr., of Jersey City, N. J., and Louis
Romolo Milio, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Simon E. Sobeloff; S. Norwood Gasque, of Latta, S. C., on motion of
Mr. E. Jake Jacobsen; James D. Thames, of Vicksburg, Miss., on
motion of Mr. Gerard H. Brandon; Paul Bartel, of Glen Rock, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Oliver Ellis Stone; Marvin G. Russell, of Atlanta,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Linton J. Collins; Richard E. Colby, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole; William Dubin, of
Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Herman B. J. Weckstein; Elmer
William Henderson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank
D. Reeves; Ned D. Shands, Jr., of Lufkin, Tex., on motion of Mr.
John C. White; James Francis McKenna, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
and Louis A. Robertson, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Brice
Wilson Rhyne; John J. Kehoe, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. John J. O'Keefe; Theodore Philip Halperin, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; John B. Stone,
Jr., of Elizabeth, N. J., H. Harding Brown, of Elizabeth, N. J.,
Milton A. Epstein, of Elizabeth, N. J., and Barnet H. Epstein, of
Elizabeth, N. J., on motion of Mr. Emanuel Ainsworth Smith;
Charles W. Bostwick, of Jacksonville, Fla., and William Cowan
Bostwick, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. James Perkins.
Parker; Alvin Hersh Zagor, of New York, N. Y., and John René
Vincens, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Max M. Greenfield;
Thompson L. Clarke, of Saint Joseph, La., and Edgar H. Lancaster,
Jr., of Tallulah, La., on motion of Mr. John L. Madden; Hartwell
Davis, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Lesh; James
P. Brice, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Mastin G. White;
Elza H. Papp, of Flint, Mich., Walter J. Barkey, of Flint, Mich.,
360278-55--2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
5
and Edward Packard Hopkins, of Flint, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Edwin L. Kahn; Gilbert Zimmerman, of Richmond, Va., on motion
of Mr. Albert E. Reitzel; Harold Fein, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion.
of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner; James R. Billingsley, of Biloxi, Miss.,
on motion of Miss Sylvia S. Ellison; Joseph A. Jenkins, of Fort
Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ray R. Murdock; Charles Kohlmeyer,
Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. John H. Clifton; John.
O. Kizer, of Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick S. Hill;
and Samuel Kenric Lessey, Jr., of Chappaqua, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Walter Franklin Sheble, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 43. Morrison T. Wade and Bessie Lou Tanner Wade, appel-
lants, v. The People of the State of Michigan. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 59. Anthony J. Wilkowski, appellant, v. Philip A. Hart, Lieu-
tenant Governor of the State of Michigan. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Michigan;
No. 62. Ray Whitaker and Harry L. Swaim, Doing Business as
Blue Motor Coach Lines, appellants, v. Louisville Transit Company
et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky;
No. 99. Earnest T. Budberg et al., appellants, v. The County of
Sangamon et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 121. Charles P. Cullen, as Treasurer of New York Fire Insur-
ance Rating Organization, et al., appellants, v. Alfred J. Bohlinger,
as Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York, et al.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York and the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department;
No. 142. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. George Leonard. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio;
and
No. 174. Edwin K. Atwood et al., appellants, v. Willacy County
Navigation District. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Texas and
the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Fourth Supreme Judicial Dis-
trict. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals
are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 52. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, et al., appellants,
v. Great Lakes Greyhound Lines, a Division of Greyhound Corpora-
tion, a Delaware Corporation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Michigan. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted -
7

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
6
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 55. State of North Carolina et al., appellants, v. United States
of America et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of North Carolina; and
No. 212. Pledger L. Burkhalter, Jr., appellant, v. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Companies, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motions
to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed.
No. 108. Philip Landes, appellant, v. The Domestic Relations
Court of the City of New York, etc., et al. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
No. 186. Louis Blumenschein et al., appellants, v. Housing Au-
thority of the City of Pittsburgh, a Corporation. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No. 187. David Rines, Individually and as Administrator of Estate
of Lucy L. Rines, Petitioner to Establish the Truth of Exceptions,
appellant. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts;
No. 188. David Rines, Individually and as Administrator of Estate
of Lucy L. Rines, Petitioner to Establish the Truth of Exceptions,
appellant. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachu-
setts; and
No. 217. Albuquerque Broadcasting Company, appellant, v. Bureau
of Revenue of the State of New Mexico et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of New Mexico. Per Curiam: The appeals are dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 238. Joseph A. Cota, appellant, v. L. Dale Coffman, as Dean of
the School of Law, University of California at Los Angeles. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 50. Einar Rasmussen, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., At-
torney General of the United States. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment is reversed and the case is remanded to the

•
MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
7
Court of Appeals for consideration on the merits. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 91. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. On consideration of the record and the con-
fession of error by the Solicitor General the judgment of the Court
of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded to the District Court
for a new trial.
No. 143. Beatrice A. Anderson, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Charles Arthur Anderson, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company; and
No. 261. James L. Swafford, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Rail-
road Company. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases are granted and the
judgments are reversed. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan are of the opinion that
certiorari should not have been granted in these cases.
No. 223. Virginia S. Block, petitioner, v. Louis T. Block. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted; the judgment
is vacated, and the cause is remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio
for clarification as to whether its decision rests on state or federal
grounds. See Halvey v. Halvey, 330 U. S. 610.
No. 271. United States of America, petitioner, v. I. J. Colotta et al.
(Doing Business as Partners Under the Firm Name of Long & Cham-
bless Plumbing & Heating Company). On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari in this case is granted and the judgment is
reversed. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
No. 30, Misc. Cleo Gregory, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are
granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to the
Court of Appeals for consideration on the merits.
No. 262, Misc. James Alonzo Rogers, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, California State Prison, San Quentin, Cal. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per Curiam: Motion for stay of execution of death sentence
and petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the 9th
Circuit are granted. The judgment of that court is reversed, and the
case is remanded so that the Petitioner's application for a certificate of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
8
probable cause may be entertained on its merits. House v. Mayo, 324
U. S. 42, 48 (1945).
No. 283, Misc. Eugene Burwell, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, California State Prison, San Quentin, Cal. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: Motion for stay of execution of death
sentence and petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the 9th Circuit are granted. The judgment of that court is reversed,
and the case is remanded so that the Petitioner's application for a cer-
tificate of probable cause may be entertained on its merits. House v.
Mayo, 324 U. S. 42, 48 (1945).
No. 294, Misc. Autherine J. Lucy and Polly Anne Myers, peti-
tioners, v. William F. Adams, Dean of Admissions, University of Ala-
bama. Application to vacate order of United States District Court
for the Northern District of Alabama. Per Curiam: Petitioners, Au-
therine J. Lucy and Polly Anne Myers, citizens of Alabama, have been
seeking admission to the University of Alabama since September 1952.
Respondent William F. Adams is Dean of Admissions of the Uni-
versity. After hearings United States District Judge Grooms of the
Northern District of Alabama found that petitioners had been denied
admission to the University "solely on account of their race and color”.
Holding this denied petitioners equal protection of state laws, the
court permanently enjoined respondent Adams, his agents, employees
and others acting in concert with respondent "from denying the plain-
tiffs and others similarly situated the right to enroll in the University
of Alabama and pursue courses of study thereat, solely on account of
their race or color". Respondent's motion to suspend the injunction
pending appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit was granted by the District Judge. A Judge of that court de-
nied a motion to vacate the suspension and reinstate the injunction. A
similar motion is now before us.
The motion is granted and the injunction is reinstated to the extent
that it enjoins and restrains the respondent and others designated from
denying these petitioners Autherine Lucy and Polly Anne Myers the
right to enroll in the University of Alabama and pursue courses of
study there. Sipuel v. Board of Regents of the University of Okla-
homa, 332 U. S. 631; Sweatt v. Painter, 339 U. S. 629; McLaurin v.
Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, 339* U. S. 637. In
other respects, the motion is denied.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Green and
General Laborers' Local 397 of Granite City, Illinois, etc. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
Illinois; and
360278-55-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
9
No. 102. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Contract Steel Carriers, Inc. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 63. Werner Machine Company, Inc., appellant, v. Director of
Division of Taxation, Department of the Treasury, State of New
Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey;
No. 82. International Harvester Credit Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. Allen J. Goodrich et al., Constituting the State Tax Commis-
sion of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of New York;
No. 129. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business as Bondified Sys-
tems and Eugene Derrick, appellants, v. Orville Hodge, Auditor of
Public Accounts of the State of Illinois, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois;
and
No. 233. Dixie Carriers, Inc., Coyle Lines Incorporated, et al., ap-
pellants v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Texas. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 132. Holophane Company, Inc., appellant, v. United States of
America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Ohio. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this question.
No. 151. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. duPont de
Nemours and Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision on this question.
No. 158. Frozen Food Express, appellant, v. United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 159. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frozen
Food Express et al.;
No. 160. American Trucking Associations et al., appellants, v.
Frozen Food Express et al.;
No. 161. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al.;
No. 162. East Texas Motor Freight Lines, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Frozen Food Express, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, et al.;
No. 163. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frozen
Food Express et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
10
No. 164. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The cases are consolidated and
a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 92. Mabel Black and T. Y. Wulff, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Cutter Laboratories, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California granted.
No. 94. United States of America and Federal Communications
Commission, petitioners, v. Storer Broadcasting Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 134. Clark Squire, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Dis-
trict of Washington, petitioner, v. Horton Capoeman and Emma Ca-
poeman, his wife. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 201. David Hyun, petitioner, v. Herman R. Landon, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
No. 213. United States of America, petitioner, v. Ettore Zucca, also
known as Mario Sarni, also known as Ettore Sarni Zucca. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 231. Bill Hatahley et al., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 56. Murdock Acceptance Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 66. Riverbank Laboratories, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Hard-
wood Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 105. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 110. Harold I. Cammer, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
11
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 250. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Bab-
cock and Wilcox Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 251. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seam-
prufe, Inc. (Holdenville Plant). Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 257. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Charles M. Gileo
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Califor-
nia granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 286. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. South-
west Exploration Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 287. The United States, petitioner, v. Huntington Beach Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 72. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted limited to question 1 presented by the
petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. May a defendant be required to stand trial and a conviction be
sustained where only hearsay evidence was presented to the grand
jury which indicted him."
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 76. The Cold Metal Process Company and the Union National
Bank of Youngstown, Ohio, Trustee, petitioners, v. United Engineer-
ing & Foundry Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 34. Oral argument
in each case will be limited to 45 minutes a side.
No. 79. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Coca-Cola
Bottling Co. of Louisville, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 150. W. A. Shields petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
12
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar. The Court calls this case to the attention of the
Interstate Commerce Commission and expresses its readiness to accept
any brief it might wish to submit.
No. 156. Elmer F. Remmer, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted limited to the questions pre-
sented under III A of the petition for the writ. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 170. General Stores Corporation, petitioner, v. Max Shlensky,
Security and Exchange Commission, Creditors Committee and Wage
Claimants. Motion for leave to file brief of respondents, Wage Claim-
ants, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 242. The Inter-State National Bank of Kansas City, petitioner,
v. Frank Luther, Trustee of the Estate of Garden Grain and Seed
Company, Inc., Bankrupt. Motion to add The First National Bank
of Kansas City as a party petitioner is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 255. Millinery Center Building Corp., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted
limited to questions 1 and 2 presented by the petition for the writ
which read as follows:
"1. Where a lessee, the owner of a valuable building on leased land,
acquires the fee to the land to be relieved of what it considers to be the
burdensome terms of a lease, may the lessee deduct the excess of the
payment over the determined value of the land at the date of purchase
as an ordinary expense of doing business under § 23 (a) of the United
States Internal Revenue Code of 1939 or under § 23 (f) as a loss on a
transaction entered into for profit and not compensated for by insur-
ance or otherwise.
"2. In the alternative, may the lessee-petitioner consider the excess
payment over the determined value of the land to be in the nature of a
prepayment of rent for the remaining term of the extinguished lease
and amortize such amount over 21 years?"
The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 23, Misc. Earl P. Greenwood, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
360278-55-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
13
No. 61. Seeley Tube and Box Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 65. United States of America, petitioner, v. Edward D. Putty.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 67. James Warner Bellah, petitioner, v. Ruth Power-O'Malley
Whittlesey, Mother on behalf of Ann De La Poer Bellah. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 68. Great Lakes Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 69. Robert T. Orton, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 70. David Swidler, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 75. R. E. Shutt, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 77. Louis E. Wolcher, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Honorable Michael L. Igoe, Judge of the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 80. United States of America, ex rel. Josip Feretic, a/k/a Joe
Feretic, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, as District Director
of the Immigration and Naturalization Service for the District of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 81. Jacob Lichter and Jennie L. Lichter, Individually and as
Partners Doing Business as Southern Fireproofing Company, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America and Secretary of the Army. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
14
No. 83. Mah Toi, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., as Attorney
General. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 84. San Antonio Transit Company, petitioner, v. Frank
Scofield, Formerly Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 85. The Martin Brothers Box Company, petitioner, v. Inter-
state Commerce Commission and Southern Pacific Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 86. Mary L. Crist, petitioner, v. Washington, Virginia and
Maryland Coach Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 87. Ladue & Co., petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney
General of the United States, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 88. B. H. Newman, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 89. International Association of Machinists, et al., petitioners,
v. Al Friedman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 90. Talache Mines, Incorporated, petitioner, v. United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 93. Rene Bussoz, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 96. Esso Shipping Company, petitioner, v. Compania de
Maderas de Caibarien, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 97. Albert J. Demelle, Doing Business as Curley's Transporta-
tion Company, petitioner, v. Interstate Commerce Commission. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 98. Lawrence E. Walsh, United States District Judge, and
Westinghouse Electric Corporation, petitioners, v. Joseph H. Lyons
and Jessie H. Lyons, Individually and as Co-partners, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 101. Soc. Armadora Del Norte, a Corporation, Claimant of
the Steamship Theogennitor, etc., petitioner, v. Arne Armus Lahde.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
15
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 103. Louis J. Gariepy, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 104. Austin F. McFee, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 106. William Leighton, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 107. 450 Acres of Land, More or Less, Known as Barnwell
Island, Situate in Chatham County, Georgia, et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 109. United States, ex rel. Audrey Joan Czapkowski, petitioner,
v. John W. Holland, District Director of Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service for the Fourth District. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 113. Jeoffroy Mfg., Inc., petitioner, v. William T. Graham.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 114. Max P. Lash, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 115. Lillian M. Jones, petitioner, v. Avco Manufacturing Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Edgar B. Stern et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Levee
Commissioners of the Orleans Levee District et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 122. Willard L. Gleeson and Mary F. Gleeson, petitioners, v.
Fred E. Carr, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Broadcasting
Corporation of America, Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 123. W. Lunsford Long and Hewitt S. West, petitioners, v.
Honorable Sylvester J. Ryan and the Honorable Judges of the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 124. Joseph A. Bass et al., Individually, and as Co-partners
Doing Business Under the Name and Style of Joseph A. Bass Com-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
16
pany, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America and Kenneth C.
Royall, Secretary of the Army. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 125. Emery & Kaufman, Ltd., petitioner, v. Add A. Heyl.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 126. Jack H. Halfen, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Roy Sickles, petitioner, v. Graybar Electric Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 130. Edward Coco, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 131. Louis J. Farone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 133. Reuben D. Silliman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 135. Julius L. Echeles and Paul Echeles, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 136. Charlie Soper and Jack Mease, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 137. New Cut Rate Liquors, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Seagram
Distillers Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 138. Irving Trust Company and Ernest Crawford May, as
Executors of the Will of Charles H. Hastings, Deceased, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 139. W. J. Earhart, petitioner, v. Alfred J. Callan, Jr., Trustee
in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Felix Ivan Pugh, Bankrupt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Isaac Chaitt, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 145. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Henrietta
Gadson, on behalf of Willie Morgan, petitioner, v. John E. Hoy,
360278-55-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
17
Sheriff, County of Westchester. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second De-
partment, denied.
No. 146. The American Metal Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 147. Mignon Reinecke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 148. Wesley F. Mullett, Frank J. Mullett, Harold Comer and
Leo Weibel, petitioners, v. William J. Korth, Individually and as
Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Utah. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 149. J. C. Burris, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 152. Southern Pine Electric Cooperative, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 153. Walter Scott, an Infant, by Ernest Scott, His Next Friend,
petitioner, v. Standard Conveyor Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 154. Tinker & Rasor, John Patrick Rasor and Leo H. Tinker,
petitioners, v. Dick E. Stearns and the D. E. Stearns Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 157. Francisco Ballester Pons, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 165. Evelyn Leadman, petitioner, v. The Greyhound Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ken-
tucky denied.
No. 167. John D. Snow and Grace K. Snow, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. United States of America et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 168. Lester H. Burdick, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 169. E. V. Turner and I. C. Turner, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
18
No. 171. Huron Milling Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 172. Michael Campodonico, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 173. James G. Pace, petitioner, v. Laurie W. Tomlinson, Direc-
tor of Internal Revenue for the State of Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 175. Paul Titus, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 176. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Triple A.
Machine Shop, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 177. Ann F. Ames, petitioner, v. The Mengel Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 178. Jack C. Vaughan, petitioner, v. City Bank & Trust Com-
pany, Natchez, Mississippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 179. David H. Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 180. Mastercrafters Clock & Radio Co., petitioner, v. Vacheron
& Constantin-Le Coultre Watches, Inc., and Jaeger-Le Coultre, S. A.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 181. Boomhower, Inc., petitioner, v. American Automobile
Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 182. Massachusetts Protective Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
Joseph W. Buchanan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 183. Paul A. Pigott, Eugene E. Murphy, William F. Menard,
et al., petitioners, v. Detroit, Toledo & Ironton Railroad and Brother-
hood of Railroad Trainmen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Estelle Bishop, petitioner, v. R. H. Reichel, Acting District
Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
19
No. 189. George Washington Pierce, petitioner, v. Hewlett-Packard
Company and Paul G. Yewell, Doing Business as Yewell Associates.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 190. Charles F. Rubsam, petitioner, v. Harley C. Loney Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 191. American Marking Corporation and John K. Jackson,
petitioners, v. Adolph Gottscho, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 192. Novak N. Marku, petitioner, v. The Union & League of
Romanian Societies of America, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 193. John Lloyd Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 194. Adeline Kirschenmann and Henry Kirschenmann, peti-
tioners, v. Harry C. Westover, United States Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Sixth District of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 197. George F. Vasen, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 199. Wilson Brothers (an Illinois Corporation), petitioner, v.
Textile Workers Union of America, CIO, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 200. Shopmen's Local Union No. 722, International Association
of Bridge, Structural and Ornamental Iron Workers, A. F. of L., peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
torari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 202. Michael Stella, on behalf of himself and All Other Stock-
holders of Kaiser-Frazier Corporation, petitioner, v. Henry J. Kaiser
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 203. John W. Martin, as Trustee of the Property of Florida
East Coast Railway Company, petitioner, v. James E. Johnston. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 204. Harold Lurie and Samuel Dworett, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
20
No. 205. Marvin Wichman, petitioner, v. Allis Chalmers Manu-
facturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Noel Estate, Incorporated, and Thomas G. Roberts, peti-
tioners, v. James R. Russell, Stockholders' Agent of the Commercial
National Bank of Shreveport. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 207. Harry Alexander, Inc., Continental Casualty Co., peti-
tioners, v. Alice P. Friend. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 208. Board of Regents of the University of Maryland, peti-
tioner, v. Trustees of Endowment Fund of the University of Mary-
land and Maryland Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 214. Natalie Ortiz Torres, petitioner, v. Honorable Lawrence
E. Walsh, United States District Judge. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 215. John Joseph Prochaska, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 216. The Item Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 219. Jacob Strauch, Alex Strauch, and Harry Benjamin Sher,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Burton R. Landes, petitioner, v. Hon. Harold Knight, P. J.,
Court of Common Pleas, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 221. Carolina Power and Light Company, petitioner, v. R. R.
Jernigan, Administrator of the Estate of Haymie Warren, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 222. Preferred Insurance Company, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 224. Trinity Universal Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Clyde H. Smithwick. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
21
No. 225. Dennis Wayne McDow and Robert J. Casey, petitioners,
2. Louisiana Southern Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 226. M. W. Kaye, Administrator, with the Will Annexed of the
Estate of Morris Schuman, Deceased, petitioner, v. Louise Wells Bech-
ler et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 228. James F. Sexton, petitioner, v. Eleanore M. Barry. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 229. Helene M. Beaumont, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 230. Clarence Frach et al., petitioners, v. Robert J. Schoettler,
as Director of the Department of Fisheries of the State of Washing-
ton, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 234. William Seawright, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 235. Fairmont Aluminum Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 237. Armco Drainage & Metal Products, Inc., Fabricating
Division, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 240. J. R. Alabaugh, W. H. Schaver, J. W. Welman, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a Body
Corporate, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 243. Schwegmann Brothers Giant Super Markets et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hoffmann-La Roche, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 245. M. A. Tilbury, Doing Business as Tilbury's Southern Meat
Company, petitioner, v. William J. Rogers, Regional Director of the
Wage, Hour, and Public Contracts Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 246. Capital Transit Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Nettie E.
Foster, Clure Eddie Foster, Geneva Curry. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
22
No. 247. Charles Edwin York, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden,
Oklahoma State Penitentiary, McAlester, Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 248. Hamish Scott MacKay, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, Dis-
trict Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United
States Department of Justice and Ray J. Norene. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 249. Joseph E. Shearer and Georgia P. Shearer, petitioners, v.
James G. Smyth, United States Collector of Internal Revenue. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 252. Nick Sagonias, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 253. Alice M. Anson et al., petitioners, v. Hiram Walker &
Sons, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 259. The Wieman and Ward Company, petitioner, v. City of
Pittsburgh and James P. Kirk, Treasurer, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 260. Detroit Stamping Company, petitioner, v. West Point
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 263. State of Utah, John Archer, W. H. H. Cramer, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Bradley Estates, Inc., a Corporation, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 264. The State of Wisconsin, ex rel. Saveland Park Holding
Corporation, petitioner, v. Donald G. Wieland, Building Inspector of
the Village of Fox Point. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 266. Armand Fred Hoepker, Walter Gail Thomas, and Edward
L. Smith, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 267. Thomas Walter Pomorski, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 268. Elwood Lowell Diercks, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
•

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
23
No. 270. Samuel Andrew Lindstrom, Sr., petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 272. George W. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 274. Elsworth F. Baker, Kenneth M. Bremmer, Philip Gold,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 279. Ingle Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 280. United States, petitioner, v. Paul Tanner et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 283. Adelaide Turner, Guardian of Lydia Louise Bell, peti-
tioner, v. Theron O. Bell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 285. E. Regensburg & Sons, a Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 288. Lynne Marx Gilmore, Formerly Lynne Marx Knauer,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 289. International Longshoremen's Association Local Union
No. 1291, et al., petitioners, v. Philadelphia Marine Trade Associa-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 290. Anita Herman, petitioner, v. Northwest Airlines, Inc.,
and Capital Airlines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 291. Kermath Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Herbert
Brownell, Jr., Attorney General, Successor to the Alien Property
Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 293. Louie Cosper, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 295. George Washington Pierce, petitioner, v. American Com-
munications Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 299. George A. Landell, Executor of E. Q. Landell, Deceased,
et al., petitioners, v. Northern Pacific Railway Company, Formerly

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
24
Known as the Superior and St. Croix Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 302. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission and Mississippi River Fuel Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 303. James Wade Braswell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 304. William H. Ellison, petitioner. v. The Mutual Life Insur-
ance Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305. Saraphin Vogrin, petitioner, v. A. G. Hedstrom. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 311. Morris Lipsitz and Mornis Lipsitz and Helen Lipsitz, pe-
titioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 313. Philip Albanese, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 325. Peony Park, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. George W.
O'Malley, Collector of Internal Revenue, Omaha, Nebraska, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 331. Burton R. Landes, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 64. Robert B. Gotfredson and Charlotte B. Gotfredson, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 73. Samuel R. Beard, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 129. Leo A. Zientek, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari
should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
25
No. 262. Westbrook Pegler, The Hearst Corporation, and Hearst
Consolidated Publications, Inc., petitioners, v. Quentin Reynolds.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 292. Emma Ecker, petitioner, v. Atlantic Refining Company
and United States of America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 319. Haislip Baking Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
United Construction Workers and United Mine Workers of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 140. Joseph Doto, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 144. Dong Wing Ott and Dong Wing Han, petitioners, v. Ed-
ward J. Shaughnessy, District Director, Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service, New York District. Motion to dispense with printing
of the petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 155. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 277. The United States, petitioner, v. Otoe and Missouria
Tribe of Indians. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied. Mr. Justice Black would dismiss on the
ground that no case or controversy is involved. Mr. Justice Reed is
of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 294. Arthur H. Samish, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 300. The Crummer Company, a Corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. Jessie Ball duPont et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 307. Puritan Church-The Church of America Puritan
Church Building Fund, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
26
Revenue. Motion for disqualification of certain Justices denied. Mo-
tion for appointment of a Commissioner denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 20, October Term, 1954. James R. Ellis, as President of the
Yonkers Committee for Peace, an Unincorporated Association, peti-
tioner, v. William Dixon et al., as Members of the Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Yonkers, etc.;
No. 654, October Term, 1954. Sylvester Papalardo and Patsy La-
velle, petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 694, October Term, 1954. David Rines, Individually and as
Administrator of Estate of Lucy L. Rines, Petitioner to Establish
the Truth of Exceptions, appellant;
No. 703, October Term, 1954. Jewell M. Schwartz, Administratrix
of the Estate of Edmund J. Schwartz, Deceased, petitioner, v. Kansas
City Southern Railway Company, a Corporation;
No. 728, October Term, 1954. S. P. Beecher, Farm Debtor, peti-
tioner, v. Leavenworth State Bank et al., and
No. 161, Misc., October Term, 1954. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v.
Leavenworth State Bank, et al.
No. 730, October Term, 1954. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v.
Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee, et al.;
No. 740, October Term, 1954. Keith M. Beaty, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 746, October Term 1954. Thys Company and E. Clemens Horst
Company, petitioners, v. Anglo-California National Bank, Executor
of the Estate of Sophia Oeste, Deceased;
No. 761, October Term, 1954. Edward Coco, petitioner, v. State of
Florida; and
No. 764, October Term, 1954. Everest Melvin Hupman, a/k/a Mel-
vin E. Hupman, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 145, October Term, 1954. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. John
M. Bonds, Officer in Charge, U. S. Immigration and Naturalization
Service; and
No. 714, October Term, 1954. Dictograph Products, Inc., petitioner,
v. Federal Trade Commission. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 677, October Term, 1954. Walter E. Meyer et al., appellants, v.
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company et al. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
27
No. 742, October Term, 1954. William H. Combs et al., appellants,
v. The Illinois State Toll Highway Commission et al. Motion for
leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 340, Misc., October Term, 1954. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner,
v. Henry M. Lindsay et al. Motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 444, Misc., October Term, 1954. Albert Joseph Kostal, peti-
tioner, v. People of the State of California;
No. 464, Misc., October Term, 1954. William Heirens, petitioner, v.
State of Illinois;
No. 611, Misc., October Term, 1954. Carlos Rodriguez, petitioner,
v. J. Vernal Jackson, Warden;
No. 613, Misc., October Term, 1954. Koger A. Wilson, petitioner,
v. District of Columbia;
No. 623, Misc., October Term, 1954. Ross Cabell Hill, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 626, Misc., October Term, 1954. Richard H. Davis, petitioner,
v. Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General;
No. 628, Misc., October Term, 1954. Elmer S. Lenz, petitioner, v.
C. H. Looney, Warden;
No. 629, Misc., October Term, 1954. Thomas Harvey, petitioner, v.
Nathan Mayo, Prison Custodian of the State of Florida;
No. 635, Misc., October Term, 1954. Charles A. Byrnes, petitioner,
v. People of the State of Illinois;
No. 649, Misc., October Term, 1954. Eugene Wallace, Sr., peti-
tioner, v. Copiah County Lumber Company and Lumbermen's Mutual
Casualty Insurance Co.;
No. 669, Misc., October Term, 1954. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v.
Harold Baynes; and
No. 684, Misc., October Term, 1954. Wilbur Hudson, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 7, Misc. Robert George Banks, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 8, Misc. Robert L. Conroy, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
. No. 9, Misc. James Brown, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
28
No. 20, Misc. James H. Stum, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 24, Misc. Edgar Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 25, Misc. Cassell Ritchie, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 26, Misc. Silas S. Griffin, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 27, Misc. Joseph DiChiara, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 33, Misc. Albert Gambino, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 34, Misc. William Austin, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 41, Misc. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 42, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Margaret Fee
Duggan, J. R. Duggan, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 46, Misc. Chester R. Blanton. petitioner. v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 49, Misc. Andrew Bernski, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 50, Misc. George Duke, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 52, Misc. Mose Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 53, Misc. Ann Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hurtado, Indi-
vidually and Executrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 54, Misc. Frank Fernino, petitioner, v. State of Connecticut.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Con-
necticut denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
29
No. 55, Misc. Ishmael Washington, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
Custodian of Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 57, Misc. Philip Dovico, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 59, Misc. John Henry Molton, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Sanga-
mon County, Illinois, denied.
No. 61, Misc. Oscar Levy, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 62, Misc. Angelo D'Angelo, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 65, Misc. State of Florida, ex rel. Charlie Copeland, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison Custodian of the State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 66, Misc. Chester Gallas, petitioner, v. James E. Denney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 71, Misc. Willard A. Winhoven, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 72, Misc. Austin J. Smith and John Beck, petitioners, v. Peo-
ple of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 73, Misc. William Arlie Thomas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 74, Misc. Edward F. Thomas, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 78, Misc. Dan K. Westerfield, petitioner, v. David Menary,
Sheriff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 79, Misc. Floyd Sidener, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Adams County, Illinois, denied.
No. 81, Misc. William R. Bell, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
30
No. 84, Misc. Martin F. Feeney, Richard Lavoie, and William
Couture, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 85, Misc. Martin Vola, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 87, Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 88, Misc. Sewell W. Rouzer, Jr., petitioner, v. John W. Claudy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 90, Misc. Roger M. LaVera, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 92, Misc. Joseph La Bostrie, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 93, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. George Lane,
petitioner v. F. S. Baldi, Superintendent of Philadelphia County
Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 94, Misc. Louis Milano, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Department, denied.
No. 95, Misc. Henry Marks, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, Illinois, denied.
No. 97, Misc. Henry Hooper, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 98, Misc. Russell B. Smith, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 103, Misc. Joseph R. Lazzara, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 105, Misc. Joseph J. Matthews, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 108, Misc. Carrol Farrar, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
31
No. 109, Misc. Norman J. Brabson, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General Sessions
of New York, County of New York, denied.
No. 112, Misc. Jack C. Vaughan, petitioner, v. First National Bank
of Greenville, Mississippi, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
...
No. 117, Misc. Willie Evans, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 118, Misc. Melvin Keithley, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 143, Misc. Howard Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 56, Misc. Nelson Chrisp, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina;
No. 86, Misc. David H. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Utah; and
No. 102, Misc. Wayne Patterson, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Illinois. Applications denied.
No. 60, Misc. In the Matter of Wesley Adam Stewart, petitioner;
and
No. 76, Misc. Sylvester Elliott, petitioner, v. Henry M. Butzel,
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Michigan. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 67, Misc. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Harlem Valley
State Hospital et al.;
No. 70, Misc. Odell Gunter, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson, Warden;
and
No. 96, Misc. Arthur G. Marsh, petitioner, v. Lee B. Mailer et al.,
Members of Board of Parole, etc.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 42, October Term, 1952. F. W. Woolworth Company, petitioner,
v. Contemporary Arts, Inc. The motion for clarification of the man-
date is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 131, October Term, 1954. J. W. Whitehouse, G. Orndorff, J. H.
Sylvester, et al., petitioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
32
et al. The petition for modification of the opinion is denied. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 406, October Term, 1954. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes
Brothers Steamship Co., Inc. The motion of petitioner to amend the
judgment is granted. It is ordered that the certified copy of the
judgment sent to the District Court be recalled and that the judg-
ment be amended so as to provide for a remand of the cause to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision. of this motion.
No. 3. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, petitioner,
v. Harold E. Talbott, Secretary of the United States Air Force. The
motion to substitute Donald A. Quarles, present Secretary of the
United States Air Force in the place and stead of Harold E. Talbott,
resigned, is granted.
No. 4. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. The motions for leave to file briefs of Amer-
ican Merchant Marine Institute, Inc., and Association of American
Ship Owners, as amici curiae, are denied.
No. 18. Jew Sing, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, District Director,
Immigration and Naturalization Service, San Francisco District.
The motion to postpone argument is granted.
No. 58. William Ludwig Ullmann, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion for leave to file brief of Emergency Civil Lib-
erties Committee, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 7, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. The motion of the plaintiff for modification of
decree is denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The report of the Special Master is received and it is ordered
that exceptions thereto, if any, by the California defendants be filed
on or before Friday, October 14th, next.
It is ordered that Simon H. Rifkind of New York City, be and he
hereby is appointed Special Master in this case in the place of George
I. Haight, deceased. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these questions.
No. 12, Original. State of South Carolina, plaintiff, v. State of
Georgia and United States of America. The motion for leave to file
complaint is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1955
33
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. Argument on the exceptions to the Report of the
Special Master commenced by Mr. Fred E. Wilson for the defend-
ants, continued by Mr. Eugene T. Edwards for the plaintiff and con-
cluded by Mr. Martin A. Threet for the defendants.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. Argument on the exceptions to the Report of the
Special Master commenced by Mr. Ashton L. Stewart for the defend-
ant, continued by Mr. Gerard H. Brandon and Mr. James D. Thames
for the plaintiff and concluded by Mr. Ashton L. Stewart for the
defendant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 5, 4,
6 (7, 11, and 12).
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Paul G. Darrough, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Folger Johnson, Jr.,
of Portland, Oreg., Van C. Griffin, of Seattle, Wash., Othmar M.
Pitzen, of Tacoma, Wash., Charles J. Brennan, of Dayton, Ohio,
William G. Keane, of Fort Wayne, Ind., Archie Katcher, of Hunt-
ington Woods, Mich., Estes Snedecor, of Portland, Oreg., Basil H.
Coutrakon, of Springfield, Ill., Stephen P. Laffey, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., and Ben T. Head, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Henry P. Chandler; Charles A. Rittenhouse II, of Wilmington, Del.,
and Frank J. Zugehoer, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Ger-
hard A. Gesell; Adolph Herbert Shagrin, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Francis X. Byrn, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. James M. Estabrook; Frederick H. Krueger,
of Michigan City, Ind., on motion of Mr. T. Addison Smith; Billy
Hunt, of Center, Tex., and Richard E. McDaniel, on motion of Mr.
Arthur C. Perry; James P. Murray, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Samuel O. Clark, Jr.; Claude E. Reitzel, Jr., of High
Point, N. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Guimond; William K.
Unverzagat, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Herbert A. Berg-
son; George Joseph Goldsborough, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. Richard Arnd Mehler; Maurice Weiss, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Herbert W. Gediman: Donald A. Campbell, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Neil Brooks; Howard Albert
Mills, of Niles, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert James Clendenin;
Everett Emory Utterback, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. James
A. Cobb; Ralph L. Chappell, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Charles R. Fenwick; and Edward D. Ransom, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Tom Killefer, were admitted to practice.
No. 5. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company. Three hours for oral argument. Argued by
Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellant and Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell
for the appellee.
360278-55-6

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1955
35
No. 4. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Reargument commenced by Mr. Sidney A.
Schwartz for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Edward J. Behrens
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 4,
6 (7, 11, and 12), 8, and 24.
☑
:
}

CORRECTED COPY
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Paul G. Darrough, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Folger Johnson, Jr.,
of Portland, Oreg., Van C. Griffin, of Seattle, Wash., Othmar M.
Pitzen, of Tacoma, Wash., Charles J. Brennan, of Dayton, Ohio,
William G. Keane, of Fort Wayne, Ind., Archie Katcher, of Hunt-
ington Woods, Mich., Estes Snedecor, of Portland, Oreg., Basil H.
Coutrakon, of Springfield, Ill., and Stephen P. Laffey, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Ben T. Head, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Charles
A. Rittenhouse III, of Wilmington, Del., and Frank J. Zugehoer,
of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell; Adolph
Herbert Shagrin, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward
G. Hudon; Francis X. Byrn, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. James M. Estabrook; Frederick H. Krueger, of Michigan City,
Ind., on motion of Mr. T. Addison Smith; Billy Hunt, of Center,
Tex., and Richard E. McDaniel, on motion of Mr. Arthur C.
Perry; James P. Murray, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Samuel O. Clark, Jr.; Claude E. Reitzel, Jr., of High Point,
N. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Guimond; William K. Unverzagt,
☐ of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Herbert A. Bergson; George
Joseph Goldsborough, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Richard Arnd Mehler; Maurice Weiss, of Washington, D. C..
on motion of Mr. Herbert W. Gediman; Donald A. Campbell, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Neil Brooks; Howard Albert
Mills, of Niles, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert James Clendenin;
Everett Emory Utterback, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. James
A. Cobb; Ralph L. Chappell, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Charles R. Fenwick; and Edward D. Ransom, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Tom Killefer, were admitted to practice.
34
360278-55-

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1955
35
No. 5. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company. Three hours for oral argument. Argued by
Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellant and Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell
for the appellee.
No. 4. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Reargument commenced by Mr. Sidney A.
Schwartz for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Edward J. Behrens
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 4,
6 (7, 11, and 12), 8, and 24.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Harold R. Medina, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
H. Pickering; Herman Herson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Alan Y. Cole; Sidney Goldstein, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Abraham S. Goldstein; Arthur Richard Mattson, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Rutherford Day; William M.
Baskin, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. William Thompson
Finley; John Greenway Keller, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Lloyd Symington; Cyrus D. Samuelson, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Francis R. McGuigan; William M. Gallen, Jr., of
St. Louis, Mo., and John C. Roberts, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Marvin E. Frankel; and Henry Lewis Gertner, of Lakewood,
N. J., and Harry Mopsick, of Linden, N. J., on motion of Mr. Philip
Amram, were admitted to practice.
No. 4. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. Reargument continued by Mr. Edward J.
Behrens for the respondent, by Mr. Sidney A. Schwartz for the peti-
tioner, and concluded by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the United
States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 6. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 7. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of Amer-
ica, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 11. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
and
No. 12. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of Amer-
ica, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Argued by Mr. Marvin
E. Frankel for the Secretary of Agriculture and United States, by
Mr. Samuel R. Howell for the Interstate Commerce Commission, and
by Mr. William F. Zearfaus for the Intervening Railroad appellees.
360278-55-7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1955
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
37
The day call for Thursday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 8,
24, and 3.

1
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
John R. Baskin, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. J. Fontaine
Broun; Charles E. Corker, of South Pasadena, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Northcutt Ely; Emmett C. Yokley, of Nashville, Tenn., and John
F. Carr, of Springfield, Mo., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne;
John Kenneth Wise, of Glenview, Ill., on motion of Mr. Theophil Carl
Kammholz; Lionel Irving Brazen, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Seymour S. Guthman; Louis Joseph Fisher, of High Point, N. C., on
motion of Mr. David Wiener; Robert F. Peckham, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Jay A. Darwin; Hyman Karnofsky, of Buf-
falo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James M. McInerney; and Arnold
Weiss, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert A. Bergson, were
admitted to practice.
No. 8. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
United States of America. Reargued by Mr. Richard B. Montgomery
for the petitioners and by Mr. Lester S. Jayson for the respondent.
No. 24. Althea G. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Henry C. Clausen for the petitioner and by Mr. Mor-
ton Hollander for the respondent.
No. 3. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner, v. Donald A. Quarles, Secretary of the United States Air
Force. Reargued by Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr., for the petitioner
and by Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 16,
19, and 20.
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Elmer C. Kissane, of Chicago, Ill., and Paul E. Fowler, of Ports-
mouth, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
James LaBar, of Richmond, Va., Jot B. Law, of Oklahoma City,
Okla., Paul A. Gross, of Miami, Fla., Henry J. Cotman, of Miami,
Fla., Donald C. Helling, of Chicago, Ill., Sam F. Carter, of Palm
Beach, Fla., Clifton G. Harris, of Fresno, Calif., George H. Klein,
of San Francisco, Calif., William Lee Garrett, of Merced, Calif.,
Orly O. Davis, of Visalia, Calif., and Cecil E. Edgar, of Fresno,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Rocco M. Clarizio,
of Newark, N. J., Robert A. McKinley, of Newark, N. J., Harry
Fisch, of Newark, N. J., James A. Christiano, of West Orange, N. J.,
Frank Lehane, of West Orange, N. J., Alfred S. Goldberger, of
Newark, N. J., Emil L. Casale, of Newark, N. J., Rocco F. Senna, of
Newark, N. J., and Nathan Turesky, of Newark, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Salvatore J. Benianti; Samuel Finestone, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
John Ashton Harris, of Wyncote, Pa., Marvin P. Schatz, of Cleveland,
Ohio, Robert M. Krewson, of Cleveland, Ohio, Myron R. Lewis, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Arthur T. Wincek, of Garfield Heights, Ohio, Donald
W. Gropp, of Cleveland, Ohio, John Miller Wolford, of Erie, Pa., E.
Bernard Schlegel, of Philadelphia, Pa., John Alexis Bowler, of Erie,
Pa., Alvin L. Gray, of Cleveland, Ohio, A. Groh Schneider, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., Bernard I. Abramson, of Philadelphia, Pa., Daniel B.
Michie, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., Donald M. Bowman, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., Francis M. Payne, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, Henry H. Foster,
Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., William A. Peiffer, of Corry, Pa., Paul
Lawrence Jaffe, of Philadelphia, Pa., Elmer S. Rolader, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., Alfred Lytle Burdine, of Washington, D. C., Horace B.
Fay, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, George N. Gafford, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Paul G. Sullivan, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Oliver J. Schneider, of Ravenna,
Ohio, David J. Hopkins, of Cleveland, Ohio, Thomas E. Fisher,
of Mentor, Ohio, Allen N. Corlett, of Cleveland, Ohio, Stanley E.
Lloyd, of Cleveland, Ohio, Jerry R. Siefert, of Oshkosh, Wis., and
Burton R. Manser, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Francis
La Mar Forshee; John Erle Stephen, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
360278-55- -9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
40
Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Francis Houston Lynch, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. E. Jake Jacobsen; Charles S. Haight, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. John T. Casey; Irving H. Sheff, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. J. Bruce Kellison; William L. Shapero, of
Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Mark P. Friedlander; Emil Drobac,
of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Drexel Dahlke Journey; Roger
Franklin Strauss, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Miss Elizabeth
Scott Salisbury; Claire V. Eberhard, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Howard Irwin Friedman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Northcutt Ely; Mary Massey, of Marshall, Ark., on motion of Mr. J.
Smith Henley; James W. Quiggle, of Washington, D. C., Edward I.
Berry, Jr., of Camden, N. J., and Walter S. Anderson, of Camden,
N. J., on motion of Mr. John H. Myers; Joseph Hall Sperry, of
Houston, Tex., Alvin R. Martin, of Houston, Tex., and Merle Edward
Minks, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Archie D. Gray; Stephen
D. Maffini, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. James R.
Browning; Thomas Richard Scovel, of Independence, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert D. Moran; Nathan Tolk, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Lewis Jacobs; Sol Alexander Eichler, of Newark,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph Volpe, Jr.; Manuel Grabel, of Tulsa,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Jerome J. Dick: and Paul J. Donaldson, of
Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. The Government is invited to set forth its views on
the question of indispensability of the United States as a party at
this time in light of the report of the Special Master dated January
31, 1955, and the proposed Amendments of the State of Texas.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The exceptions to the report of the
Special Master are overruled. The report of the Special Master is
adopted and his proposed decree is approved. Final decree is entered.
No. 24. Althea G. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: This case is controlled by the Cali-
fornia doctrine of respondeat superior. The judgment is vacated and
the case is remanded for consideration in the light of that governing
principle.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
The Chief Justice said:
41
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally.'
"
No. 196. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
California State Prison, San Quentin, California. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is re-
versed and the case is remanded to the District Court for a hearing.
Opinion Per Curiam. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr.
Justice Clark dissent. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 195. United States of America, appellant, v. John David
Provoo. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Maryland. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 265. M. & M. Transportation Company and Stone's Express,
Inc., appellants, v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 284. Allen M. Peairs, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question.
No. 314. Sara Billings Boardman Smith, Executrix of the Last
Will and Testament of Harvey A. Smith, Deceased, appellant, v.
Joseph B. Wissler, President Judge, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District. Per Curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
No. 1. Silesian Holding Company et al., petitioners, v. Union Bank
of Switzerland et al.; and
No. 2. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner v.
Union Bank of Switzerland et al. The motion to defer considera-
tion of the petitions for writs of certiorari until March 1, 1956, is
granted.
No. 48. Communist Party of the United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. The motion for leave
to file brief of Frank Aydelotte et al., as amici curiae, is granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
42
No. 74. United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Salt Co.
The motion for leave to file brief of Plymouth Oil Co., as amicus
curiae, is denied.
No. 300, Misc. October Term, 1952. In re Disbarment of Norman
J. Griffin. The petition of Norman J. Griffin for reinstatement to
the Bar of this Court is granted and the order entered April 6,
1953, disbarring him from the further practice of the law in this
Court is vacated.
No. 278. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Budd, Jr., and Florence
W. Budd, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. T. Budd, Jr., and Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 227. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
Arkansas Oak Flooring Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted. The Solicitor General
is invited to file a brief setting forth the views of the National Labor
Relations Board.
No. 281. United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Ryan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calender. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 308. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 309. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 310. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. The
motions for leave to file briefs of American Civil Liberties Union and
International Longshoremen's & Warehousemen's Union, as amicus
curiae, are denied.
No. 320. George B. Parr, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case will be heard on the merits
and on the question of appealability.
No. 210. Aztec Land and Cattle Company, petitioner, v. Navajo
Realty Company, Cecil McCormick, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
43
No. 211. Edward B. Marks Music Corporation, petitioner, v. Con-
tinental Record Company, Inc., and Remington Records, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 218. Guy V. Whitener, petitioner, v. State of South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 239. Emmitt R. Warring, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 256. Lawrence Callanan, Carl Bianchi, L. A. Thompson, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 275. Frank Orlando, petitioner, v. District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 276. In the Matter of Narragansett Pier Amusement Corpora-
tion, Artcraft Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 306. Lillian Agnes Wieland and Charles L. Wieland, peti-
tioners, v. C. A. Swanson & Sons. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. The Ohio Power Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 315. Henry J. Laque, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 317. William Estep, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 318. George P. DeHardit, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 236. Cora Reynolds, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Motion
to strike petition denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 273. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, as Owner of
the American Steamship Hawaiian, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
360278-55-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
44
No. 361. The United States, petitioner, v. American-Hawaiian
Steamship Company, as Owner of the American Steamship Hawaiian.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 712, October Term, 1954. Thoger Gronborg Jungersen, peti-
tioner, v. Axel Bros., Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 737, October Term, 1954. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 758, October Term, 1954. National Airlines, Inc., petitioner,
v. Thelma Scholnik. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 29, Misc. John Monaghan, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 38, Misc. Homer Fletcher Neal, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 40, Misc. Antonio Verceles, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 51, Misc. Aldo Verrico, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 77, Misc. Reinhold Langer, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 80, Misc. Joseph L. DeLevay, petitioner, v. T. E. Miller, Dis-
trict of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 83, Misc. In the Matter of Edmond C. Fletcher on the Charge
of Criminal Contempt, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 99, Misc. A. B. Farmer, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
45
No. 110, Misc. L. P. Thomason, petitioner, v. Alester G. Furman,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 113, Misc. Gene R. Austin, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 114, Misc. Francis M. Murphy, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 120, Misc. Donald Burleson, petitioner, v. State of Washing-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 121, Misc. Myron Alden Wix, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 122, Misc. Angus Sanguigni, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 123, Misc. Roy C. Hadley, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 124, Misc. William Erwin Lynch, petitioner, v. State of North
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 125, Misc. Roy W. Burkley, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 127, Misc. John Reid, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 130, Misc. Alexander Bloxom, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 131, Misc. Grady Harvell, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Joseph
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 132, Misc. William Mahler, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Branch County, Michigan, denied.
No. 134, Misc. Aurweid George Reickauer, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
46
No. 141, Misc. Carl Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 142, Misc. Albert Horodecki, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Rager,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 147, Misc. George T. Gallagher, petitioner, v. C. G. Day,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 153, Misc. Steven Russek, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 154, Misc. Stanley Simmons, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York and the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 155, Misc. Arnold Plue, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the
United States District Court for the District of Connecticut denied.
No. 158, Misc. In the Matter of Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 159, Misc. Charles Franklin Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit and the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, denied.
No. 162, Misc. Harry R. Dixon, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Bovey,
Warden, Nebraska State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 163, Misc. Judith Morgan, petitioner, v. George Sylvester et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 164, Misc. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 166, Misc. Leslie Thompson, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1955
47
No. 175, Misc. James Francis Hill, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. Arthur Jerome Watson, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, Di-
vision Three, denied.
No. 182, Misc. Curtis J. Hurt, petitioner, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden, Georgia State Prison, Reidsville, Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 3, Misc. Roy E. Eaton, petitioner, v. A. J. Scheineman et al.;
and
No. 129, Misc. Walter Stewart, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 100, Misc. James A. Hackett, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 128, Misc. Everett James Peckham, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of cer-
tiorari out of time denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 24, until Mon-
day, November 7, next.
No. 16. Marvin Stuart Walton, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Argued by Mr. Robert F. Peckham and Mr. Jay A.
Darwin for the petitioner and by Mr. Clarence A. Linn for the
respondent.
No. 19. Mastro Plastics Corp. and French-American Reeds Manu-
facturing Co., Inc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Argued by Mr. Bernard H. Fitzpatrick for the petitioners and by Mr.
Dominick L. Manoli for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
21, and 23.

1
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
48
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Henry O. Duque, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stanley
N. Barnes; Judith B. Aaronson, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Mose Silverman; David I. Shapiro, of New York, N. Y., and
James H. Heller, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Abraham J.
Harris; M. L. Armijo, Jr., of Las Vegas, N. Mex., on motion of Mr.
Meredith M. Daubin; Richard H. Gens, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. Irving H. Sheff; Bernard H. Cantor, of Johnson City, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. Caldwell Daniel; Peter Theodore Gourdouros, of
Saco, Maine, on motion of Mr. Robert D. Moran; and William E.
Bennett, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Austin P. Sullivan,
were admitted to practice.
No. 20. Corn Products Refining Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Jay O. Kramer and Mr.
Samuel A. McCain for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles K. Rice for
the respondent.
No. 21. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company and William P. Dauchy, its Mortgagee. Argued by Mr.
Ralph S. Spritzer for the petitioner and by Mr. David W. Robinson
for the respondents.
No. 23. Harry Slochower, appellant, v. The Board of Higher Edu-
cation of the City of New York. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ephraim London for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 23,
29, and 25.
360278-55-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1955
49
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Charles W. Wilkerson, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Daniel
J. Freed; Gloria Agrin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mrs. Blanch
Freedman; James Watson Crawford, of Portland, Oreg., on motion
of Mr. Guy Cordon; James W. Creamer, of Denver, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Norris C. Bakke; Ellis Brodstein, of Reading, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Philip Werner Amram; Robert W. Stevenson, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Homer S. Carpenter; Jackson D. Guer-
rant, Jr., of Danville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr.;
Alvin L. Gottlieb, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. William
Wolcott Goodrich; Eli Gorodezky, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of
Mr. David Kammerman; Grace Wilkey Thomas, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; and Earl C. Collins, of Sylva, N. C., on
motion of Mr. John W. Shields, were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Harry Slochower, appellant, v. The Board of Higher Edu-
cation of the City of New York. Argument continued by Mr.
Ephraim London for the appellant, by Mr. Daniel T. Scannell for
the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Ephraim London for the appel-
lant. Leave granted appellee to file an additional brief by Monday,
next.
No. 29. Michael Nukk, Frank Borich, Joseph Siminoff, et al., appel-
lants, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Third Dis-
trict of the Immigration and Naturalization Service of the Port of
New York. Argued by Miss Gloria Agrin and Mrs. Blanch Freed-
man for the appellants and by Mr. Gray Thoron for the appellee.
No. 25. The Liquid Carbonic Corporation, appellant, v. United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. James F. Dwyer
for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 25,
26, and 27.
Х
360278-55-12
!

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1955
50
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Thomas J. Lewis, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill;
Paul A. Dorf, of Baltimore, Md., and Martin Shor, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. James Wm. Somerville; George F. Archer, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John F. Davis; David M. Freedman,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mrs. Blanch Freedman; Martin J.
Murphy, of Colorado Springs, Colo., on motion of Mr. James Edwin
Bailey; Edward M. Boddington, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Robert Mason Clark; William Sims Richardson, of Dallas, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Robert E. May; Stevens Fargo, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Donald O. Lincoln; Thomas James Gray,
of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Albert L. Ely, Jr.; William L.
Beecher, of Waterloo, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Robert B. Dawkins;
and Benjamin Wyle, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David
E. Feller, were admitted to practice.
No. 25. The Liquid Carbonic Corporation, appellant, v. United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. James F. Dwyer for
the appellant and concluded by Mr. John F. Davis for the appellee.
No. 26. United States, petitioner, v. Anderson, Clayton & Co.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Holland for the petitioner
and by Mr. John C. White for the respondent.
No. 27. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Warren
Company, Incorporated. Argued by Mr. David P. Findling for the
petitioner and by Mr. John Wesley Weekes for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
360278-55-13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
51
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Edward LeMoyne Cullum, of Little Rock, Ark., John J. Lemken,
of Jersey City, N. J., Joseph W. Levy, of Jersey City, N. J., Charles
F. James, of Denver, Colo., Rupert R. Ryan, of Oakland, Calif.,
Benjamin M. Taub, of Passaic, N. J., and Leslie B. Hanson, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E.
Sobeloff; R. Vernon Coe, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. E. Jake
Jacobsen; Francis A. Auleta, of Mamaroneck, N. Y., and John P.
Cooke, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield;
William Marion Page, of Columbus, Ga., on motion of Mr. Richard
Arne Mehler; Walter C. Wright, Jr., of Cape May, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Neville Miller; S. Sam Fekett, of Youngstown, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Joseph John Craciun; Harris L. Present, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leo Pfeffer; Norman N. Rosen, of
Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Russell Sherman Bernhard; Samuel
R. Gerber, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harold G. Mosier;
John Joseph McNally, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Daniel J.
Murphy; Eugene E. Burke, of Lackawanna, N. Y., William H.
Dillon, of Lackawanna, N. Y., John A. Dillon, of Lackawanna, N. Y.,
and Michael F. Dillon, of Lackawanna, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Oscar Chapman; Martin L. Haines, of Mount Holly, N. J., on motion
of Mr. William P. MacCracken, Jr.; Charles Bernard Kenning, of
Rochester, N. Y., and Norbert John Heubusch, of Vienna, Va., on
motion of Mr. Carl Frederick Bauersfeld; H. Vance Austin, of
Sterling, Colo., on motion of Mr. John Bernard O'Brien, Jr.; William
M. Woodroe, of Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick S.
Hill; George A. McCormick, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
William M. Burkhalter; John Paul Jones, of Memphis, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. William W. Koontz; Beverley Singleton Simms, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leo Harben Pou; George Eng-
land, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert K. McCon-
naughey; John Patrick Byron, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Gordon F. Harrison; George M. Mott, of Indianapolis, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. John C. Herberg; T. Hughlett Henry, Jr., of
Easton, Md., on motion of Mr. Paul C. Warnke; Abraham A. Rotberg,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Raphael Tourover; Carl
360278-55-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
52
Illig, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Bernard A. Foster, Jr.;
David George Watts, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jesse
R. Smith; William Allen Rahill, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Corinne Childs, of Tulsa, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Joseph R. Gorman; Frank W. Middleton, Jr., on
motion of Mr. Herbert L. Packer; Lorine A. Torrey, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John K. Pickens; W. Howard Fullerton, of
Fords, N. J., James V. McMahon, of Caldwell, N. J., Dante De
Pamphilis, of Lyndhurst, N. J., Mario V. Farco, of Newark, N. J.,
Saul Tischler, of Newark, N. J., Anthony C. Blasi, of Newark, N. J.,
George L. Lombardi, of Union Township, N. J., Jerome B. Dwyer,
of Newark, N. J., Fred Belcuore, of Springfield, N. J., Frank George
Alster, of Hohokus, N. J., Anthony C. Manzelle, of Nutley, N. J.,
and Louis J. Anzalone, of Maplewood, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aristo
Dallavalle, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 16. Marvin Stuart Walton, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. On writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Cali-
fornia, Appellate Department, in and for the County of Santa Clara.
Per Curiam: A majority of the Court are of opinion that the record
in this case fails to establish that a federal question is presented and
for that reason the writ of certiorari is dismissed. Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent. The Chief Justice did not partici-
pate in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 25. The Liquid Carbonic Corporation, appellant, v. United
States of America. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of New York. Per Curiam: The judgment
is reversed and the case is remanded for a hearing on modification of
the consent decree. Hughes v. United States, 342 U. S. 353. Mr.
| Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton dissent. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 29. Michael Nukk, Frank Borich, Joseph Siminoff, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Third
District of the Immigration and Naturalization Service of the Port
of New York. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Per Curiam: The Court is of the
opinion that the complaints do present a case and controversy. Roch-
ester Telephone Corp. v. United States, 307 U. S. 125. The judg-
ment is reversed and the case is remanded for consideration on the
merits.
No. 327. Hobson P. Jones, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed and the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
53
No. 336. Charles Stacey and William Winslow, appellants, v.
Theodore Pappas. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of
Maine. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would note
probable jurisdiction.
No. 338. Holmby Productions, Inc., and United Artists Corp.,
appellants, v. Mrs. Frances Vaughn et al., Constituting the Kansas
State Board of Review, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Kansas. Per Curiam: Judgment reversed. Joseph Burstyn, Inc. v.
Wilson, 343 U. S. 495; Superior Films v. Dept. of Education, 346
U.S. 587.
No. 48, Misc. William A. Wetzel, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed and the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 308. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 309. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 310. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners,
v. United States of America. The motion for leave to file brief of
Linus Pauling et al., as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 310. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners,
v. United States of America. The motion for leave to file brief of
Howard R. Carey et al., as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 117. The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al.;
No. 118. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 119. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, and Secretary of Agriculture, appellants, v. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Nebraska;
No. 332. Washington Public Service Commission, Public Utilities
Commissioner of Oregon, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
54
No. 333. Union Pacific Railroad Company, Chicago and North
Western Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 334. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
District of Colorado. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
The cases are consolidated and a total of 3 hours allowed for oral
argument.
No. 323. United States of America, ex rel. David Darcy, peti-
tioner, v. Earl D. Handy, Warden of Bucks County Prison, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 342. Blazey Czaplicki, petitioner, v. The Vessel “SS. Hoegh
Silvercloud," Her Boilers, Engines, Tackle, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 351. R. V. Archawski et al., petitioners, v. Basil Hanioti, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 37, Misc. Dan Durley, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian,
Florida State Prison. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida granted and case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 326. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, The St. Louis, Brownsville &
Mexico Railway Co., Debtor, petitioner, v. George C. Moore, Sr.; and
No. 339. George C. Moore, Sr., petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson,
Trustee, St. Louis, Brownsville & Mexico Railway Co., Debtor. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 328. T. Vail Palmer, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 330. Harry A. Eaton, Jr., petitioner, v. Mrs. Nancy Lankenau
Eaton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Lou-
isiana denied.
No. 335. Charles T. Douds, Regional Director of the Second Region
of The National Labor Relations Board, etc., petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Longshoremen's Association, Independent and Locals 856, 824,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
55
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 340. Hamlin K. Buchman, petitioner, v. Claire Morse. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Califor-
nia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 341. Santiago Albanese D'Imperio, petitioner, v. Secretary of
the Treasury of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 344. Ivan M. Elchibegoff, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles,
Secretary of State, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 346. William M. Tadio, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 347. Edward Blackman, petitioner, v. Balaban & Katz Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 349. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. William
E. Hallada, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Minnesota denied.
No. 350. Kenneth R. Brown, Doing Business as Brown Engineer-
ing Company, petitioner, v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 353. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. United
States ex rel. Cleveland Thompson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 324. Warren County, Mississippi, petitioner, v. C. E. Hester
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisi-
ana denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 345. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local 438, Liberty Associa-
tion of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers Association, etc.,
et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
E
No. 36, Misc. Joseph White, petitioner, v. State of California.
Motion for leave to file brief of National Lawyers Guild, as amicus
curiae, denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1955
56
No. 64, Misc. Rufus Glenn Sisk, petitioner, v. J. Ellis Overlade,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 135, Misc. Lowell Lyons, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 139, Misc. Dolores Lebron et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 186, Misc. Lennis Luther Price, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 208, Misc. William McBee, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Eastern Division, denied.
No. 586, Misc., October Term, 1954. Minor Sorber, petitioner, v.
State of Mississippi. Petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos. 28,
17 (and 31), and 51 (and 53).
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
57
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Sheldon H. Braiterman, of Baltimore, Md., Marvin Braiterman,
of Baltimore, Md., Charles Merrill Kelley, of Petersham, Mass.,
Robert F. Drinan, of Boston, Mass., and Frank Ernest Arnold Sander,
of Brookline, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E.
Sobeloff; Erwin Allen Goldstein, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. H. Brian Holland; C. M. Graff, of Seattle, Wash., William J.
Masters, of Portland, Oreg., George R. Waldum, of Portland, Oreg.,
James J. Moran, of Marlborough, Mass., Thomas W. Hansen, of Port-
land, Oreg., Laurie K. Luoma, of Portland, Oreg., Charles H. McGirr,
of Oregon City, Oreg., Theodore B. Jensen, of Portland, Oreg., John
R. Gilbertson, of Portland, Oreg., Joe Porter Stirling, of Portland,
Oreg., John I. Lerom, of Buxton, N. Dak., and William Granison
Tharp, of Mandan, N. Dak., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld;
Gerald A. Baynes, of London, Ohio, George E. Tyack, of Columbus,
Ohio, James H. Larva, of Columbus, Ohio, Lawrence A. Ramey, of
Columbus, Ohio, Paul A. Griffith, of Columbus, Ohio, Morton C.
Anderson, of Columbus, Ohio, and William J. Bennett, Jr., of Colum-
bus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Wilkins; Ralph Hargraves
Smith, of Charleston, W. Va., Charles W. Loeb, of Charleston, W. Va.,
James A. McWhorter, of Charleston, W. Va., Philip H. Hill, of
Charleston, W. Va., William F. Seebohm, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
J. Roger Klomann, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ernest Karam, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, H. Warrington Sharp, of Norfolk, Va., Virgil W. Hickman, of
Berlin, Md., Heber E. Johnson, of Louisville, Ky., E. P. Sawyer, of
Louisville, Ky., Ralph S. Petrilli, of Louisville, Ky., Harry F.
Poynter, of Louisville, Ky., William M. Harvin, of Louisville, Ky.,
C. H. Richardson, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., and John L. Cleary, of
Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan; J. Fred Talley,
of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Ashurst; James Horace
Kindel, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John T. Sapienza;
Stephen J. D'Arcy, Jr., of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John
Edward McCarty; Thomas E. McAndrews, of Norfolk, Va., on motion
of Mr. Joseph E. McAndrews; Maurice W. Goldstein, of Jacksonville,
Fla., on motion of Mr. John L. Nixon; Leon D. Hubert, Jr., of New
360278-55-15

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
1
58
Orleans, La., and Adrian G. Duplantier, of New Orleans, La., on
motion of Mr. Michael Emmett Culligan; Henry Schwartz II, of Chat-
tanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Ernest H. Van Fossan; Curtis P.
Mitchell, of Washington, D. C., and Conrad J. Lynn, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. F. Joseph Donohue; Norman S. Dike, Jr., of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John O. Dahlgren; Felicien Y.
Lozes, of New Orleans, La., and George H. Fust, of New Orleans, La.,
on motion of Mr. Rudolph F. Becker, Jr.; Thomas A. Rothwell, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Colin A. Smith; Samuel Roessler, of
Newark, N. J., Augustine J. Kelly, of Newark, N. J., Michael M.
Alercio, of Newark, N. J., and Luke T. Flood, of Newark, N. J., on
motion of Mr. M. Joseph Matan; Berkeley Wright, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., and John William Cameron, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Edward August Waldmann; John Lee Miller, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., and Harvey A. Miller, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Harvey A. Miller; Joseph F. Hanley, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Vincent L. Toomey; John Cunningham, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Israel Convisser; George W. Morrow, of Tulsa, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel J. Andersen; Dana C. Smith, of Pasadena,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Melvin D. Wilson; Frank G. Tompkins, Jr.,
of Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. Sidney S. Alderman; John L.
Nettles, of Darlington, S. C., and Henry H. Edens, of Columbia, S. C.,
on motion of Mr. Henry Hammer; Samuel Z. Goldman, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Sidney M. Goldstein; Joseph Zitomer, of
Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Walter Franklin Sheble;
Frederick T. Searls, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert
E. May; Robert A. Scardino, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. James
E. Kilday; Peter J. Cunningham, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Richard L. Walsh; and James P. Mozingo III, of Darlington,
S. C., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller, were admitted to practice.
No. 26. United States, petitioner, v. Anderson, Clayton & Co. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Burton dissent.
No. 20. Corn Products Refining Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 3. United States of America, ex rel. Audrey M. Toth, peti-
tioner v. Donald A. Quarles, Secretary of the United States Air Force.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
59
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Minton
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice
Burton joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 232. Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City et al., appel-
lants, v. Robert M. Dawson, Jr., et al. Appeal from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 348. David Rines, Individually and as Administrator of Estate
of Lucy L. Rines, appellant, v. The Honorable Justices of the Superior
Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 364. Rennold Pender, appellant, v. Clark County, a Municipal
Corporation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Nevada. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 352. Milwaukee & Suburban Transport Corporation, appel-
lant, v. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per Curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 385. Dunn Bros., Incorporated, appellant, v. A. H. Stone,
Chairman, State Tax Commission, etc. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 394. Wilburn Alfred Berryman, appellant, v. The State of
Oklahoma. Appeal from the Criminal Court of Appeals of Okla-
homa. Per Curiam: The motion to dispense with the printing of the
jurisdictional statement is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 301. Chiu But Hao, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, San Francisco
District. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ
A

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
60
of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court with directions
to dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus upon the ground that
the cause is moot.
No. 395. Mrs. Jose Kate Gianfala, Widow of Oscar J. Martin, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Texas Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded to
the District Court with directions to reinstate its judgment. South
Chicago Coal & Dock Co. v. Bassett, 309 U. S. 251; Summerlin v. Mass-
man Const. Co., 199 F. 2d 715; Wilkes v. Mississippi River Sand &
Gravel Co., 202 F. 2d 383; Gahagan Construction Corp. v. Armao, 165
F.2d 301, 305.
No. 396. Alfred Holmes, Oliver W. Holmes, and Dr. H. M. Holmes,
petitioners, v. City of Atlanta et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the judgments
both of the Court of Appeals and the District Court are vacated and
the case is remanded to the District Court with direction to enter a
decree for petitioners in conformity with Mayor & City Council of
Baltimore City v. Dawson, No. 232, O. T. 1955, decided this day.
No. 82, Misc. Mario J. De Lucia, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
reversed and the case is remanded to the District Court for a hear-
ing concerning the circumstances surrounding petitioner's plea of
guilty.
No. 206, Misc. Charles F. Yaeger, appellant, v. Director of Depart-
ment of Welfare of Virginia et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Appeals of Virginia. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. This case is set for argument on the exceptions to the report
of the Special Master and is assigned for hearing at the end of the
call for the week beginning December 5. A total of four hours is
allowed for oral argument. The motion of the United States for
determination of certain legal points is denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of these questions.
No. 10. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve
Nelson. The motion for leave to appear and present oral argument
on behalf of Phil Feldman and others, as amici curiae, is denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
61
No. 207. Harry Alexander, Inc., Continental Casualty Co., peti-
tioners, v. Alice P. Friend. The motion of counsel for respondent
for the allowance of attorney's fees for services in this Court is
granted and counsel is awarded the sum of $420.
No. 380. Edwin B. Covey, Committee of the Person and Property
of Nora Brainard, an Incompetent, appellant, v. Town of Somers.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 282. Alma Schulz, Administratrix of the Estate of August M.
Schulz, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 383. General Box Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 329. Fay Heasley, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 354. Housing Authority of the City of Milwaukee, Cecil A.
Fisher, Mrs. Henry E. Gunderson, et al., petitioners, v. Joseph Law-
son, Jr., and Corrine Lawson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 355. Lawrence P. Bardin, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 356. J. D. Lewis and Zelma Lewis, petitioners, v. Spencer
Carver, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 357. Bernard M. Wolfe et al., Individuals and Co-Partners,
Doing Business Under the Names and Styles "Dutch Paint Co.", et al.,
petitioners, v. National Lead Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 358. David L. Subin, petitioner, v. A. Philip Goldsmith et al.;
and
No. 362. A. Philip Goldsmith et al., petitioners, v. David L. Subin.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
360278-55-16
n

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
62
$
No. 359. E. L. Bride, Individually, and E. L. Bride, Transferee,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 360. The United States, petitioner, v. Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 365. T. A. Loving & Company and Southeastern Construction
Company, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 367. Russell Louis LaRose, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General
W. G. Wyman, or any other Commanding Officer of the Sixth Army,
Presidio, San Francisco, California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 368. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Rob-
ert F. Ruddy, and Atlas Tack Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 369. Pasquale Pagano, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 370. Kansas City Power & Light Company, a Missouri Corpo-
ration, et al., petitioners, v. Douglas McKay, Secretary of the Interior,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 371. Howard Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Hartford Fire
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 372. China Daily News, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 375. The Automobile Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v.
United Fruit Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 376. Sidney Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 382. A. D. Edwards, Doris Edwards, Frances W. Soroka, et al.,
petitioners, v. Shell Oil Company, a Corporation, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 384. Frank A. Pachmayr and Frank A. Pachmayr, Doing
Business Under the Fictitious Name and Style of Pachmayr Gun
1

'N
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
63
Works, petitioner, v. Mershon Company, Incorporated. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 386. International Molders & Foundry Workers Union of
North America, AFL, Local Union No. 294, petitioner, v. Western
Foundry Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 387. Mark Gannon, petitioner, v. W. R. Britton. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 388. Raphael G. Urciolo and Joseph J. Urciolo, petitioners, v.
Ben L. Fuller et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 391. The People of the State of California, on the Relation of
Ardy V. Barton, petitioner, v. American Automobile Insurance Com-
pany, a Foreign Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 392. L. C. Collins and Lucille Collins, his wife, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The City of Wichita, Kansas, a Municipal Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 393. Bennie Lazarov, Jacob Carl Epstein, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 398. Vern George Davidson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 399. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Georgia, Ashburn, Sylvester and Camilla Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 401. Board of Supervisors of Monroe County, Mississippi,
petitioners, v. Allen A. Walker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 378. The First National Bank, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 397. Howard Lionel Toft, petitioner, v. Mary G. Ketchum.
Motion for leave to file brief of New Jersey State Bar Association,
as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
}
:
ปี
A
4

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
64
No. 126. Jack H. Halfen, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 307. Puritan Church-The Church of America Puritan Church
Building Fund, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 17, Misc. Albert Ciha, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 126, Misc. Hans Goldstein, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 148, Misc. William T. White, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 161, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden of the Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 171, Misc. Robert James, petitioner, v. E. J. Uffleman, Supt.
Security Hospital, Menard, Ill. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 176, Misc. Hartley Moore, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 177, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 178, Misc. German Coleman, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard Branch. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County denied.
No. 187, Misc. Jack Randolph, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 188, Misc. Reuben B. Weitz, petitioner, v. People of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 189, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 192, Misc. Raymond Butler, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
65
No. 193, Misc. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Edward
Mayes, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 194, Misc. U. S. A. ex rel. James T. Lawson alias Truhart
Lawson, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
denied.
No. 195, Misc. Neary McNeal, petitioner, v. People of the State of
⠀ Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 198, Misc. Jack Grant El, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, Appellate Division, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 199, Misc. Toy Walton, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson, Warden,
Missouri State Prison, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 205, Misc. Frank Lewis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 209, Misc. Fred Dwight Jones, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 215, Misc. Charles Huber, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 241, Misc. Frank Watson, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee.
No. 255, Misc. Willie Lee Knight, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 15, Misc. John Bongiorno, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, et al.;
No. 119, Misc. C. C. Farrell, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden;
No. 167, Misc. Everett E. Spencer, petitioner, v. William F.
Steiner, Warden;
No. 173, Misc. James H. Anderson, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary;
No. 190, Misc. Sidney Zipkin, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden of Attica State Prison, et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1955
66
No. 197, Misc. Howard Hildebrandt, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madi-
gan, Warden, etc.; and
No. 214, Misc. Harold Peters, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 43, Misc. Walter B. Wanamaker, petitioner, v. The Supreme
Court of Ohio, Consisting of Carl V. Weygandt, Chief Justice, et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 184, Misc. Truman McDowell, Jr., petitioner, v. The Sheriff
of Linn County, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, et al. Petition for writ of
injunction denied.
No. 212, Misc. George Sessions, petitioner, v. Wyndham Manning,
Superintendent, South Carolina Penitentiary. Application denied.
No. 28. W. W. Neese, Administrator of the Estate of William
Neese, Deceased, petitioner v. Southern Railway Company. Argued
by Mr. Henry Hammer for the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney S. Alder-
man for the respondent.
No. 17. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation and Federal Power Commission; and
No. 31. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Howard E.
Wahrenbrock for the Federal Power Commission and continued by
Mr. Thomas Fletcher for United Gas Pipe Line Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 17
(and 31), 51, 53, 32, and 36.
X.
དབ

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
on
Stuart B. Campbell, of Wytheville, Va., on motion of Mr. E. Fon-
taine Broun; William Randolph Bryant, of Sherman, Tex., and
Henry Hollis Rankin, Jr., of Edinburg, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur
C. Perry; Victor Don Baughman, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
J. L. Searles; Ernest S. Carsten, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Victor Rogers Taylor; David I. Ashe, of New York, N. Y.,
motion of Mr. A. Norman Somers; Paul Louis Laskin, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Fisher Pollack; Aaron Rosen, of
New York, N. Y., and Marks F. Paskes, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Frederick S. Hill; Gordon Page Weir, of Jefferson City, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. James H. Duffy; W. Neil Thomas, Jr., of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.; and Seymour Korn,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Bernard P. Platshon, were
admitted to practice.
No. 17. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation and Federal Power Commission; and
No. 31. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas Serv-
ice Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. William C. Chanler
for the Mobile Gas Service Corp. et al. and concluded by Mr. Thomas
Fletcher for United Gas Pipe Line Co.
No. 51. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Sierra Pacific
Power Company; and
No. 53. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sierra
Pacific Power Company. Argued by Mr. Howard E. Wahrenbrock
for the petitioner in No. 51, by F. T. Searls for the petitioner in No.
53, and by Mr. William C. Chanler for the respondent.
No. 32. John Michel, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Argument
commenced by Mr. Gerard H. Schreiber for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. George H. Fust for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
32, 36, 112, 30, and 44.
360278-55–
-17
A
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Raymond Treat Sullivan, Jr., of Riverside Calif., on motion of Mr.
Robert F. Klepinger; Gerhard A. Ellestad, of Rochester, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Elmer Stewart; Robert P. Kleinmann, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William Horace Deck; LeRoy M. Lacey, Jr.,
of Kokomo, Ind., on motion of Mr. Franklin M. Schlutz; Eugene G.
Parker, of Clemson, S. C., on motion of Mr. M. Maurice Parshall; Wil-
liam Wood Watson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James R.
Billingsley; Roy Philip Franchino, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Mario S. Mazzuchi; Jacob D. Guice, of Biloxi, Miss., and Chalin
O. Perez, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. W. L. Guice; James
Theron Haight, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Harry L.
Shniderman; Robt. B. Morton, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Brice Wilson Rhyne; and Robert G. Chandler, of Shreveport, La.,
motion of Mr. R. F. Camalier, were admitted to practice.
on
No. 32. John Michel, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Argument
continued by Mr. George H. Fust for the petitioner, by Mr. Leon D.
Hubert, Jr., for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Gerard H.
Schreiber for the petitioner.
No. 36. Clifton Alton Poret and Edgar Labat, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana. Argued by Mr. Felician Y. Lozes and Mr. Rudolph F.
Becker, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. Adrian G. Duplantier for
the respondent.
No. 112. Amos Reece, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Argued by
Mr. Daniel Duke for the petitioner and submitted by Mr. Eugene
Cook, Mr. Robert H. Hall and Mr. E. Freeman Leverett for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
30, 44, and 33.
☑
360278-55-18

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
| Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Thomas F. McKenna, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., on motion of Mr.
Joseph A. Sommer; Margaret L. Lebair, of Trenton, N. J., and Fos-
ter M. Voorhees III, of Trenton, N. J., on motion of Mr. Oscar Davis;
Richard S. Sullivan, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Stephen J.
D'Arcy, Jr.; Fernando Oberlin Rodriguez, of Alexandria, Va., and
Joseph J. Philips, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Godfrey
L. Munter; Owen J. Brady, of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Michael G. Luddy; Wray G. Zelt, Jr., of Washington, Pa., Harold
V. Fergus, of Washington, Pa., and John Francis Roney, of Wash-
ington, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert Stuart Erdahl; William West
Milligan, of Sidney, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas H. McGrail; and
Walter Frederick Brown, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Howard H. Brandenburg were admitted to practice.
No. 30. Dantan George Rea, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Sommer for the petitioner and by
Miss Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 44. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Myrtle Grove Packing Company.
Argued by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner and by Mr. W. L.
Guice for the respondent.
No. 33. Local Union No. 25 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, et
al., petitioners, v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Stephen J. D'Arcy, Jr., for the petition-
ers and by Mr. Herbert Burstein for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos. 45,
35, 47, and 38.
Х
360278-55-19

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
70
70
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Robert William Feuer, of Madison, Wis.; John R. Borys, of Utica,
N. Y.; Gerald T. McDonough, of New York, N. Y.; Thomas W. Cur-
ran, of New Haven, Conn.; Robert R. J. Gallati, of New York, N. Y.;
Carleton P. Norton, Jr., of Denver, Colo.; George Herbert Packwood,
of Salem, Ind.; A. Nathan Cowen, of Newark, N. J.; Bernard M. Hol-
lander, of Chevy Chase, Md.; and James Arthur Miller, of Wichita,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Luther
W. White III, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Cecil
Byron Smith, Jr., of North Little Rock, Ark., and Reed Wilson
Thompson, of North Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays;
Eugene Melvin Gant, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam C. Hamilton, Jr.; S. Keith Linden, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. George Morris Fay; Walter B. Conway, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Norman A. Sand, of Miami,
Fla.;
John W. Wright, of Miami, Fla.; and Michael John Horan, of
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. John J. O'Keefe; Robert H. Law
III, of White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert H. Law, Jr.;
Dean Farrington Cochran, of Washington, D. C., and John Edgar
Boice, Jr., of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson,
Jr.; John Grindle, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Charles F. Barber; Henry L. Kanter, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. David Findling; Carl Arthur Herbig, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mrs. Ruby Kettles Peterson; and Richard Arens, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Abraham Krash, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 44. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Myrtle Grove Packing Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The Court, agreeing with the construc-
tion of the Fair Labor Standards Act given it by the Fourth Circuit
Court of Appeals in Tobin v. Blue Channel Corp., 198 F. 2nd 245,
reverses the judgments below.
360278-55-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
The Chief Justice said:
71
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 366. Ham Say Naim, appellant, v. Ruby Elaine Naim. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Per Curiam: The
inadequacy of the record as to the relationship of the parties to the
Commonwealth of Virginia at the time of the marriage in North Car-
olina and upon their return to Virginia, and the failure of the parties
to bring here all questions relevant to the disposition of the case, pre-
vents the constitutional issue of the validity of the Virginia statute
on miscegenation tendered here being considered "in clean cut and
concrete form, unclouded" by such problems. Rescue Army v. Munic-
ipal Court, 331 U. S. 549, 584. The judgment is vacated and the case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals in order that the case may
be returned to the Circuit Court of the City of Portsmouth for action
not inconsistent with this opinion.
No. 390. John Syres, Louis J. Warrick and Local 254, Oil Workers
International Union, C. I. O., petitioners, v. Oil Workers Interna-
tional Union, Local #23, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded to
the District Court for further proceedings. Steele v. L. & N. R. Co.,
323 U. S. 192; Tunstall v. Brotherhood, 323 U. S. 210; Railroad Train-
men v. Howard, 343 U. S. 768.
No. 400. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. United States of America et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.
Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Doug-
las would note probable jurisdiction and set the case for argument.
No. 409. W. H. Wilson, Executor of the Estate of Birdine Fletcher,
Deceased, and Sisters of St. Francis, a Corporation, petitioners, v.
A. J. Simler. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgments of the Court of
Appeals are vacated and the judgments of the District Court rein-
stated. Sutton v. English, 246 U. S. 199. See Markham v. Allen,
326 U. S. 490, 494; Pufahl v. Estate of Parks, 299 U. S. 217, 226. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 415. C. E. Owens, Mrs. C. E. Owens, O. O. Owens, and Nabob
Oil Company, appellants, v. Oklahoma Turnpike Authority. Appeal

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
72
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 425. John B. Strickland, petitioner, v. Seaboard Air Line Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari
is granted and the judgment is reversed. Bailey v. Central Vermont
R. Co., 319 U. S. 350.
No. 105. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
The motion to waive the printing of the record is granted.
No. 308. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. The motion
as to the record is granted.
No. 404. Offutt Housing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
County of Sarpy and Robert M. Eby, Treasurer of County of Sarpy,
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska granted.
No. 373. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip
J. Lo Bue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and the case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 410. American Airlines, Incorporated, petitioner, v. North
American Airlines, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 422. Ranco, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 250 and No. 251.
No. 321. J. J. Dix, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 363. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Jacob J. Dix, Deceased. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. Robert Francis Clifton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 403. Paul Freedman, petitioner, v. Donovan and Schuenke et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
"
"
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
73
No. 406. Wichita Falls and Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Ben N. Gifford. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 407. George D. Key, Benjamin M. Cassity and J. William Cor-
dell, petitioners, v. A. B. McDonald. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 408. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. Nelly White, Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 411. Texas Construction Company and United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Company, petitioners, v. United States of America for
the Use and Benefit of Caldwell Foundry and Machine Company,
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 412. Hanover Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Harold
W. Holcombe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 413. City of Detroit, a Michigan Municipal Corporation, and
County of Wayne, etc., petitioners, v. The Murray Corporation of
America, a Delaware Corporation, and the United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 414. Sonken-Galamba Corporation, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company,
Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 416. Robert E. Murphy, as Warden of Auburn Prison, State
of New York and People of the State of New York, petitioners, v.
United States of America, ex rel. Santo Caminito. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 417. Charles B. Grady, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 418. Waiters and Waitresses Union, Local 301, AFL, an Unin-
corporated Association, et al., petitioners, v. Sansom House Enter-
prises, Inc., a Pennsylvania Corp., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 419. Angelo Paccione, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
74
No. 420. Lewis S. Jacobson, petitioner, v. Angelo D. Malandra.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 421. Patrick J. Scully, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 423. Ralph A. Chinburg, Doing Business as Fremont Plumb-
ing Shop, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 424. Howard O. Allen, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 294. Arthur H. Samish, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 88. B. H. Newman, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 122. Willard L. Gleeson and Mary F. Gleeson, petitioners, v.
Fred E. Carr, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Broadcasting
Corporation of America, Debtor ;
No. 180. Mastercrafters Clock & Radio Co., petitioner, v. Vacheron
& Constantin-Le Coultre Watches, Inc., and Jaeger-Le Coultre, S. A.;
No. 189. George Washington Pierce, petitioner, v. Hewlett-Pack-
ard Company and Paul G. Yewell, Doing Business as Yewell Asso-
ciates; and
No. 295. George Washington Pierce, petitioner, v. American Com-
munications Company, Inc.;
No. 190. Charles F. Rubsam, petitioner, v. Harley C. Loney Com-
pany;
No. 193. John Lloyd Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 204. Harold Lurie and Samuel Dworett, petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 261. James L. Swafford, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line
Railroad Company;
No. 325. Peony Park, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. George W. O'Mal-
ley, Collector of Internal Revenue, Omaha, Nebraska, et al.;
No. 345. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local 438, Liberty Asso-
ciation of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers Association,
etc., et al.;
No. 40, Misc. Antonio Verceles, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois; and
No. 109, Misc. Norman J. Brabson, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1955
ORDER
75
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 21, until
Monday, December 5, next.
No. 45. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Stephen J. Herman,
petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy, Warden. Argued by Mr. Herbert
Monte Levy and Mrs. Marjorie Hanson Matson for the petitioner
and by Mr. Wray G. Zelt, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 35. United States of America, petitioner, v. Abraham Minker.
Argued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the petitioner and by Mr.
Jacob Kossman for the respondent.
No. 47. Salvatore Falcone and Joseph Falcone, petitioners, v.
Harold E. Barnes, Officer in Charge of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service. Argument commenced by Mr. George Morris Fay for
the petitioners and continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 47,
38, 71, and 10.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
76
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Fred C. Littooy, of Hutchinson, Kans., and Fred L. True, Jr., of
Georgetown, Mass., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; J. Wesley
Oler, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; John
L. Pitts, of Alexandria, La., on motion of Mr. William A. Roberts;
George D. Kline, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Frank Phillip Lawley, Jr.,
of Millersburg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Frank F. Truscott; Seth Thomas
Boaz, Jr., of Mayfield, Ky., on motion of Mr. Robert Edward Webb;
Fred Somkin, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Ellis Klein;
Samuel William Shepard, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Rob-
ert Wallace McMillan; Martin D. Von Zamft, of Miami, Fla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Myer Feldman; and Wilton Henry John Erlenborn, of
Dwight, Ill., on motion of Mr. James W. Cassedy, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
No. 47. Salvatore Falcone and Joseph Falcone, petitioners, v. Har-
old E. Barnes, Officer in Charge of Immigration and Naturalization
Service. Argument concluded by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the re-
spondent.
No. 38. Raymond C. Armstrong, petitioner, v. Mary R. Armstrong,
General Motors Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr. Robert N. Gorman
for the petitioner and by Mr. Walter K. Sibbald for the respondents.
Leave granted to file supplement to brief for respondents with leave
to petitioner to file reply within 2 days.
No. 71. Lonnie Affronti, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Harry F. Murphy for the petitioner and by Mr. John
V. Lindsay for the respondent.
No. 10. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nelson.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frank F. Truscott for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
10, 22, 39, and 48.
☑
360278-55--21
•
,

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
John R. Mack, of Boulder, Colo., on motion of Mr. Charles F.
Barber; Floyd Bixler McKissick, of Durham, N. C., Conrad Odelle
Pearson, of Durham, N. C., and John Hervey Wheeler, of Durham,
N. C., on motion of George E. C. Hayes; Louis Leftwich, Jr., of Nash-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Cecil Sims; H. Kirkwood Yockey, of In-
dianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Harry E. Yockey; and Richard P.
Barnard, of Williamsville, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George L. DeMott,
were admitted to practice.
No. 10. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nelson.
Argument continued by Mr. Louis C. Wyman for the State of New
Hampshire and by Mr. Charles F. Barber for the United States, as
amici curiae by special leave of Court, by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher
for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Harry F. Stambaugh for
the petitioner.
No. 22. Morris Steiner, Harry Lightman, Mitchell Magid, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United
States Department of Labor. Argued by Mr. Cecil Sims for the peti-
tioners and by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
No. 39. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. King Packing Company. Argument
commenced by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Willard S. Johnston for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos. 39
and 48.
☑
260970 ភ..
22

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Mary Hall Williams, of Austin Tex., on motion of Mr. Jerry S.
Williams; Janet Dunham Saxon, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of
Mr. PGad Bryan Morehouse; William Goldman, of Jersey City, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. James Mahoney; H. Carl Kait, of Red Bank, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Edwin R. Fischer; George L. La Coste, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. John Joseph Griffin; C. Robert Burns,
of Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Charles Orlando Pratt; Edwin
Stanley Nail, of Washington, D. C., and Robert A. Marmet, of Omaha,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. Paul M. Segal; Theodore M. Kranitz, of St.
Joseph, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard K. Lyon; and Forrest Shep-
person Holmes, Jr., of College Park, Md., on motion of Mr. John Holt
Myers, were admitted to practice.
No. 39. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Deparement of Labor, petitioner, v. King Packing Company. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Willard S. Johnston for the respondents and
concluded by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner.
No. 48. Communist Party of the United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. Three hours allowed
for oral argument. Argued by Mr. John J. Abt and Mr. Joseph
Forer for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Sobeloff for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 21, next at 12 o'clock.
✓
A
360278-55-23

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
B. Franklin Taylor, Jr., of Warwick, R. I., Thomas A. McIvor,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and John A. Lombardi, of Berkeley Heights,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Edward
R. Wienecke, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John Marshall
Butler; Jack M. Lowery, Jr., of Georgetown, Ky., on motion of Mr.
William C. Hamilton, Jr.; William Joseph Barton, of Buffalo, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Theodore Francis Green; Thomas Francis Jordan,
of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Wendell Holmes McCulloch,
Jr.; Douglas K. Reading, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Edward Schoen, Jr.; William H. Buys, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion
of Mr. John A. Parker; Cyril Drew Pearson, of Salt Lake City,
Utah, on motion of Mr. Francis X. Clair; Hon W. Dang, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mrs. Helena D. Reed; Peter A. Hall, of
Birmingham, Ala., and Orzell Billingsley, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid; James Harvey Hackney, of St.
Petersburg, Fla., on motion of Mr. Eric Daenecke; Theron Crouse
Barnum, of Fayetteville, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip Schleit;
Norman Earle Sill, of Washington, D. C., and Donald Minker Sulli-
van, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Dillon Fitzgerald;
John Wing Hughes, of Chicago, Ill., and Harold R. Burnstein, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John E. Hughes; W. Brown Morton,
Jr., of Alexandria, Va., and Stanton T. Lawrence, Jr., of Little Silver,
N. J., on motion of Mr. W. Brown Morton; Ward B. Saunders, Jr.,
of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Herbert L. Packer; Harrington
A. Lackey, of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. A. Yates Dowell;
and Harold Seligman, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Austin
Leonard Roberts, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 8. Indian Towing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana for further proceedings
360278-55-24
T
L
ก

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
80
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in
which Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton
join.
No. 28. W. W. Neese, Administrator of the Estate of William
Neese, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of South Carolina for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 18. Jew Sing, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, District Director,
Immigration and Naturalization Service, San Francisco District. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court with directions
to dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus upon the ground that
the cause is moot.
No. 436. Raymond G. Cahill, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed. Mr. Justice Reed believes certiorari
should have been denied and dissents from the judgment of reversal.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan
are of the opinuion that the petition for writ of certiorari should
have been denied.
No. 31, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted.
Since the record in this case fails to show whether denial of petitioner's
application for habeas corpus rests on an adequate state ground or
exclusively on a federal ground, the judgment of the Supreme Court
of California is vacated and the cause is remanded to that court for
further proceedings. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 47, Misc. Paul Chaisson et al., petitioners, v. Southcoast Cor-
poration et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
81
Court of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted.
It appearing that the cause has become moot, the judgment of the
Supreme Court of Louisiana is vacated and the cause is remanded for
such proceedings as by that Court may be deemed appropriate. Harris
v. Stanley, 348 U. S. 803. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black
are of the opinion that the case is not moot and would grant certiorari
and hear argument.
No. 489. Dan Durley, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian,
Florida State Prison. It is ordered that Neal Rutledge, Esquire, of
Miami, Florida, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 442. Kendrick M. Cole, petitioner, v. Philip Young et al. The
motion to substitute Marion B. Folsom, present Secretary of Health,
Education, and Welfare, as a party respondent in the place and stead
of Oveta Culp Hobby, resigned, is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 377. Eastern Sugar Associates (a Trust), petitioner, v. Jose
A. Pena. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 405. Grimes and Hauer, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Sam Pol-
lock, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 426. Northern Fur Company, Incorporated, and Insurance
Company of North America, petitioners, v. Minneapolis, St. Paul &
Sault Ste. Marie Railway Company and Railway Express Agency,
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 427. A/S J. Ludwig Mowinckels Rederi, petitioner, v. Manual
Amador et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 428. Cadillac Publishing Company, Incorporated, petitioner,
v. Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 429. Alfred B. Cenedella, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
1
"
r
W
L

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
82
No. 431. Irving E. Morris, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 432. George William Brewer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 434. Firemen's Insurance Company, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Max Edlin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 435. Giuseppe Gagliano, petitioner, v. John M. Bonds, Officer
in Charge, United States Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 440. Standard Coil Products Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 441. Alonsita Walker et al., petitioners, v. Board of County
Commissioners of Talbot County et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 443. Norman Lumber Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 445. The First National Bank in Houston, petitioner, v. The
United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 447. City and County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 449. Kellogg Company, Kellogg Sales Company, petitioners,
v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 450. Elizabeth E. Norris, petitioner, v. Ralph A. Norris. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 453. Wm. H. Muller & Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Swedish American Line, Ltd., and Transatlantic Steamship Company,
Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 464. Chicago Great Western Railway Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Leslie J. Kenney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
83
No. 475. Central Hudson Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner,
v. Albert Banks and Ninnie Brothers. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 484. Vaughn C. Payne, Sr., Individually, et al., petitioners, v.
Gus F. Koehler, District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 493. Clackamas County, Oregon, petitioner, v. Douglas McKay,
Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 439. George R. Joslyn, petitioner, v. Thomas Hart Fisher.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Motion for damages denied.
No. 463. Capital Transit Company, petitioner, v. George Spiegel.
Motion to dispense with printing the respondent's brief granted. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 73. Samuel R. Beard, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 238. Joseph A. Cota, appellant, v. L. Dale Coffman, as Dean
of the School of Law, University of California at Los Angeles. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 11, Original. The State of Mississippi, plaintiff, v. The State
of Louisiana;
No. 43. Morrison T. Wade and Bessie Lou Tanner Wade, appel-
lants, v. The People of the State of Michigan;
No. 77. Louis E. Wolcher, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 86. Mary L. Crist, petitioner, v. Washington, Virginia and
Maryland Coach Co., Inc.;
No. 106. William Leighton, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission;
No. 113. Jeoffroy Mfg., Inc., petitioner, v. William T. Graham;
No. 127. Roy Sickles, petitioner, v. Graybar Electric Company;
No. 135. Julius L. Echeles and Paul Echeles, petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 143. Beatrice A. Anderson, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Charles Arthur Anderson, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1955
84
No. 173. James G. Pace, petitioner, v. Laurie W. Tomlinson, Direc-
tor of Internal Revenue for the State of Florida;
No. 179. David H. Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 212. Pledger L. Burkhalter, Jr., appellant, v. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Companies, Inc., et al.;
No. 216. The Item Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board;
No. 235. Fairmont Aluminum Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 293. Louie Cosper, petitioner, v. State of Illinois;
No. 299. George A. Landell, Executor of E. Q. Landell, Deceased,
et al., petitioners, v. Northern Pacific Railway Company, Formerly
Known as the Superior and St. Croix Railway Company;
No. 53, Misc. Ann Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hurtado, Indi-
vidually and as Executrix, etc., et al.;
No. 118, Misc. Melvin Keithley, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois; and
No. 164, Misc. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos. 46,
49, and 42.
Х

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
85
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
George Spiegel, of Silver Spring, Md., B. Jenkins Middleton, of
Rochester, N. Y., Julia Perry Cooper, of Fayetteville, N. C., Clem H.
Sehrt, of New Orleans, La., Noel E. Story, of Eufaula, Okla., Wel-
lington Albert Gillis, of Washington, D. C., James Pulm Swann,
Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., and Lewis Abrahams, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Charles H. Juliá,
of San Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Bernard
Stroyman, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Gustav H. Dongus;
Thomas J. McCluskey, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Henry
F. Ashurst; Bruce M. Casey, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Hamilton Carothers; Henry Walter Low, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Allan Y. Cole; Thomas Francis McIntyre,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Michael John Horan;
I. Franklin Feld, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Benjamin
Feld; Leonard M. Mendelson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Harry Friedman; John R. Bronaugh, of Washington, D. C., and
John Dirk Nies, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. J. Matthew
Neale; Albert E. Aikman III, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr.
William P. McClure; Ngai Ho Hong, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Ernest F. Hom; David O. Belew, Jr., of Fort Worth,
Tex., and Emory A. Cantey, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Harry Poth; Benjamin M. Sherman of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Dyer Justice Taylor; Frank Alexander Steele Wright, of
Richmond, Va., Richard Frederick Seibert, of Gainesville, Fla., and
Sidney L. Berz, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Cyrus Pfeiffer
Trowbridge; Ernest A. Carrere, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Frank Flournoy Roberson; Francis L. Rice, of Pikeville, Ky.,
on motion of Mr. Heber H. Rice; John W. Barton, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mrs. Lucy Somerville Howorth; Oliver Charles
Schroeder, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James H.
McGlothlin; Nicholas R. Doman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Philip Werner Amram; Jacob B. Heller, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Henry W. Balka; Douglass B. Wright, of Hart-
ford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Karl M. Dollak; G. C. Spillers, Jr.,
of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer; Charles
360278-55-25
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
86
James Mullen, Jr., of Cortland, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas H.
Carolan; Milton Harman Parrott, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Fred Boyd Ugast; Donald A. Brown, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Eugene Waltz; Cornell DeGrothy, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., Pelham Jones Merrill, of Heflin, Ala., William A.
Hockensmith, of Frankfort, Ky., Hyman Jacob Bradofsky, of
Pomona, Calif., Ted Sullivan, of Long Beach, Calif., John A. Webb,,
of Denver, Colo., Aaron Hirsh Narevsky, of Chicago, Ill., Roger A.
Johnsen, of Minneapolis, Minn., George B. Morse, of Tucson, Ariz.,
Robert E. Ray, of Tallahassee, Fla., and Thomas J. Carroll, of Tal-
lahassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted
to practice.
No. 112. Amos Reece, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Geor-
gia for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 32. John Michel, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana; and
No. 36. Clifton Alton Poret and Edgar Labat, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which the Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black
concur.
No. 71. Lonnie Affronti, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 9. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Stone's Ex-
press, Inc.; and
No. 14. St. Johnsbury Trucking Company, Inc., and Hinsch
Transportation Co., Inc., appellants, v. Stone's Express, Inc. Ap-
peals from the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The judgments are vacated and the
cases are remanded to the District Court for dismissal of the pro-
ceedings in accordance with the stipulation of the parties as to moot-
ness.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
87
No. 37. Paul Dillon, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Per Curiam: The writ of certiorari is dismissed
and the case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for such further
action as law and justice may require.
No. 40. Samuel R. Snyder, Administrator of the Estates of Renee
Denise Snyder and Kaye Erin Synder, petitioner, v. United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of
Appeals is reversed and the judgment of the District Court reinstated.
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, and
Mr. Justice Harlan would deny certiorari.
No. 296. United States of America, petitioner, v. Union Trust
Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Indian Towing Co. v. United States, No. 8, O. T.
1955, decided November 21, 1955.
No. 298. Union Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Eastern Air
Lines, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is
reversed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Harlan would not
grant certiorari.
No. 389. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. American
Crayon Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed.
No. 433. The State of Kansas, ex rel. Lelus B. Brown, County
Attorney of Harvey County, Kansas, et al., appellants, v. Clay Hed-
rick, as County Clerk of Harvey County, Kansas, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Kansas. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 438. H. E. White, Charles R. Hall, Jennings Lilly, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Albert Anson, Jr., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Appeals of West Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 461. Drawdy Investment Company, a Corporation, appellant,
v. William J. Leonard and Mildred Leonard, his wife. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Florida. Per Curiam: The motion to dispense
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
88
with the printing of the jurisdictional statement is granted. The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 191, Misc. United States, ex rel. Robert Hendrickson, appel-
lant, v. Edward J. Hendrick, Supt., etc. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania; and
No. 256, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Raymond W.
Nichols, Raymond W. Nichols, pro se., appellant, v. Western Union
Telegraph Company. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia. Per Curiam: The motions to
dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed.
.
In the Matter of A. Joseph Sherwood. The motion to
amend the attorneys' roll to show the change of name of A. Joseph
Shapiro to A. Joseph Sherwood is granted.
No. 85. The Martin Brothers Box Company, petitioner, v. Inter-
state Commerce Commission and Southern Pacific Company. The
motion to set aside the order denying certiorari is denied.
No. 337. Thomas W. Banks, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to file supplement to the petition for writ
of certiorari is granted.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ne-
braska. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 60. Louis Berra, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted lim-
ited to question (2) by the petition for the writ which reads as
follows:
"(2) Whether in a prosecution under a felony indictment for tax
evasion under Section 145 (b) of the 1939 Internal Revenue Code, the
trial court is required by Rule 31 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-
cedure to give a requested misdemeanor instruction under Section 3616
(a) of the 1939 Internal Revenue Code, and thus allow the jury to
determine whether defendant committed the greater or lesser offense."
The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 469. John M. Petrowski, Grace Ringle, a Minor, by Ervin
Ringle, Her Guardian Ad litem, Francis Gelhar, Et Al petitioners, v.
Hawkeye-Security Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
89
No. 297. Union Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 379. Bausch and Lomb Optical Company, petitioner, v. Dean
A. Lyon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 430. Richard Thomas, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 446. Agnes W. Tymann, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Minnie Polizzo, Deceased, petitioner, v. Harrison B. Wright, Individ-
ually, and as Executor of Joseph Polizzo, Deceased, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 452. Rose Miller, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 454. The American Crayon Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Agricultural Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 458. Dr. Henry L. Peckham, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Dis-
trict Court for District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 459. C. Maxwell Brown, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 462. Aaron M. Kohn, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 465. Ira S. Bushey & Sons, Incorporated, Employer, and the
State Insurance Fund, Insurance Carrier, petitioners, v. Frank A.
Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, Second Compensation District, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 466. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica, H. V. Higley, Administrator of Veteran Affairs, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 467. Sammy Kaye and David Krengel, petitioners, v. L. C.
Smitherman and Simon Cohen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
360278-55-26
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
90
No. 468. Tyler Bank and Trust Company, petitioner, v. Frank
Carder, Sr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 473. Elmer J. Benes, Individually, and as an Officer of E. J.
Benes & Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Sumner Canary, as
United States Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Winston M. Reynolds, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 476. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. General
Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local 968, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 477. Frank A. Haffa, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 479. Shirlington Supermarket, Incorporated, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 483. Sherman H. Eary, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. West Virginia
Turnpike Commission, as an Agency of, for, and in the Name of The
State Of West Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 480. Bernard Mitchell Wolfe et al., Individuals and Co-Part-
ners Doing Business Under the Name and Styles, "Dutch Paint Co.",
et al., petitioners, v. National Lead Company, a New Jersey Corpora-
tion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 487. Joseph A. Elliott, petitioner, v. Pacific Far East Line,
Incorporated, a Corporation, etc. Motion to dispense with printing
of the petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 259. The Wieman and Ward Company, petitioner, v. City of
Pittsburgh and James P. Kirk, Treasurer, et al.;
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. The Ohio Power Com-
pany;
No. 327. Hobson P. Jones, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi;
No. 338. Holmby Productions, Inc., and United Artists Corp., ap-
pellants, v. Mrs. Frances Vaughn et al., Constituting the Kansas State
Board of Review, et al.;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
91
No. 344. Ivan M. Elchibegoff, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles,
Secretary of State, et al.;
No. 355. Lawrence P. Bardin, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 64, Misc. Rufus Glenn Sisk, petitioner, v. J. Ellis Overlade,
Warden; and
No. 163, Misc. Judith Morgan, petitioner, v. George Sylvester
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 217, Misc. October Term, 1954. Nicholas Medich, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 48, Misc. William A. Wetzel, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 14, Misc. Roy E. Eaton, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Bibb, Victor
I. Knowles, Joseph E. Ragen, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 19, Misc. Millard Greear, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 32, Misc. Chester L. Mohler, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 140, Misc. Holden Selby, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 145, Misc. Jodie Bailey, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Super-
intendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 152, Misc. Elmer S. Whiting, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Henry Speditz, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 169, Misc. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Courtney R.
Young and Eleanor M. Young, his wife. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 170, Misc. Sylvester R. Winston, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
92
No. 183, Misc. Frank F. Bisson, petitioner, v. Brigadier General
Francis E. Howard, Post Commander, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 185, Misc. Morgan A. Ringer, petitioner, v. Captain James
Francis Maroney, Acting Warden, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 210, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 216, Misc. Robert D. Pedersen, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 217, Misc. Welcome Goode, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 219, Misc. Howard Ruth, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 220, Misc. James Powell Mitchell, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 221, Misc. Frank DiGiovanni, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 222, Misc. Robert B. Wyers and Elizabeth Wyers, petitioners,
v. People of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 223, Misc. Walter L. Bishop, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 226, Misc. Robert Lister, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 228, Misc. Willis Edwin Smith, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appelate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 229, Misc. Winfred Williams, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
93
5.
No. 232, Misc. Forest Orville Buchanan, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 234, Misc. Albert C. Johns, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 235, Misc. Kelly Petillo, petitioner, v. State of Indiana et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 242, Misc. Anthony C. Ricco, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 244, Misc. Albert Baumgart, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 245, Misc. Robert W. Erdmann, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 246, Misc. Alfred W. Perkins and Sue Garrett Perkins, peti-
tioners, v. Frances H. Bach. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 247, Misc. Kent Saxon, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 249, Misc. Grayce Golding, petitioner, v. Sinclair Weeks, Sec-
retary of Commerce. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 250, Misc. Robert D. Nelson, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 259, Misc. Pasquale Masi, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 268, Misc. Agustin Rosello Bras, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 224, Misc. William John Johnson, petitioner, v. Warden, East-
ern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pa.;
No. 230, Misc. Rafael Hernandez Forestier, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 233, Misc. Gene L. Patterson, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden, Colorado State Penitentiary; and
R
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1955
94
No. 252, Misc. Herman Howlery, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 238, Misc. Ex parte William P. Martin, Petitioner;
No. 239, Misc. George E. Sprye, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Attorney General, et al.;
No. 248, Misc. Walter June Pulliam, petitioner, v. U. S. Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 254, Misc. W. A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 271, Misc. Francis O'Halloran, petitioner, v. C. G. Day,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 301, Misc. Abner Green, Individually and on Behalf of Him-
self and all Others Similarly Situated, petitioners, v. Hon. John W.
Clancy, a Judge of the U. S. District Court for the Southern District
of New York, Jacob K. Javits, Jerome O. Glucksman and Owen
McGivern. Motion for leave to file petition for writs of prohibition
and mandamus denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 12, until
Monday, January 9, 1956.
No. 46. Rex Trailer Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Gustav H. Dongus for the petitioners
and by Mr. Melvin Richter for the respondent.
No. 49. Norman C. Bernhardt, petitioner, v. Polygraphic Company
of America, Inc. Argued by Mr. Manfred W. Ehrich, Jr., and
Mr. Eugene V. Clark for the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph A. Mc-
Namara and Mr. Guy M. Page, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 42. Victor D. Gibson, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft Service,
Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. G. C. Spillers, Jr., for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 42,
58, and 74.
☑
.

"
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Joseph A. Lichtenthal, of White Plains, N. Y., and Arthur F. Gay-
nor, of White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert H. Law, Jr.;
Hamilton W. Kenner, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Arthur
B. Carton; Max Rosenn, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa., on motion of Mr.
George F. Guy; Max Gene Schocken, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Herbert W. Gediman; John A. Reynolds, Jr., of Decatur, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. William F. McKenna; Paul E. Berman, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Harry W. F. Glemser; Robert E. Le-
Corgne, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. John L. Ingoldsby,
Jr.; Stanley Fleishman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Victor Rabinowitz; M. Ivory Jefferson, of Hampton, Va., on motion
of Mr. Julius W. Robertson; Robert W. Fraser, of Tustin, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Charles F. Barber; and Wolfgang E. Klostermann, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald A. Brown, were admitted to
practice.
No. 42. Victor D. Gibson, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft Service,
Inc. Argument continued by Mr. G. C. Spillers, Jr., for the petitioner
and concluded by Mr. Emory A. Cantey for the respondent.
No. 58. William Ludwig Ullmann, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the petitioner and
by Mr. Charles F. Barber for the respondent. Memorandum to come
from respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
74, 95, and 111.
360278-55-27
✓

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Alfred W. Bullock, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. John F.
Davis: George W. Kemp, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Thurl C. Rhodes,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. David Wiener; John F.
Hassler, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Vaughan;
Leon Pear, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Stanley B. Frosh;
William S. Sandifer, of Spartanburg, S. C., and Howard Carlisle
Bean, of Spartanburg, S. C., on motion of Mr. Samuel Billingsley
Hill, Jr.; and George R. Douglas, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. David Winship Tibbott, were admitted to practice.
No. 74. United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Salt Co.
Argued by Mr. John F. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Bruce M.
Casey, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 95. Judson Griffin and James Crenshaw, petitioners, v. People
of the State of Illinois. Argued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the
petitioner and by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondent.
No. 111. Daniel Castaneda Gonzales, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service of Dis-
trict No. 16, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. A. L. Wirin for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 111,
and 10, Original.
360278-55-28

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
97
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court is very happy to recognize in the Court Room the pres-
ence of two distinguished guests, His Excellency Senor Batlle Berres,
President of the National Council of Government of the Oriental
Republic of Uruguay, and Senora de Batlle Berres."
A. William Van Dyke, of Atlanta, Ga., Edward W. Tozer, of Char-
lottesville, Va., and Jerome O. Hendrickson, of Eau Claire, Wis., on
motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; George H. Thompson, of Omaha,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. Walter R. Johnson; Charlie Y. Wier, of
Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; Wesley
C. Marsh, of Staunton, Va., on motion of Mr. Otto T. Englehart; Al-
fred D. Treherne, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Yelverton
Cowherd; James I. McCain, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Crampton Harris; William V. Dunne, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Philip R. Collins; Charles A. Stanecker, of Phoenix, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Ernest W. McFarland; and John Frederick Zim-
mermann, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. O. P. Easterwood, Jr.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 111. Daniel Castaneda Gonzales, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service of Dis-
trict No. 16, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioner.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument on the ex-
ceptions of the California defendants to the report of the Special
Master commenced by Mr. Northcutt Ely for the defendants, con-
tinued by Mr. W. T. Mathews for the intervenor, State of Nevada, by
Mr. John P. Frank for the plaintiff, by Mr. Hatfield Chilson for the
States of Colorado, Wyoming, Utah, and New Mexico, by Mr. Ernest
W. McFarland for the plaintiff and concluded by Mr. Northcutt Ely
for the defendants.
Adjourned until Monday, December 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
360278-55-29

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
98
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Ernest McRae, of Blue Rapids, Kans., Thomas E. O'Shaughnessy,
of Versailles, Ky., and Virgil Van Street, of Glenwood, Md., on
motion of Mr. Simon E. Sobeloff; C. Guy Tadlock, of Chevy Chase,
Md., on motion of Mr. H. Brian Holland; Thomas Moncure, of Alex-
andria, Va., on motion of Mr. William W. Koontz; Fred C. Scribner,
Jr., of Portland, Maine, on motion of Mr. David W. Kendall; Harold
A. Katz, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Eugene Gressman; Thomas
P. McGarrity, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. James P. Mc-
Granery; Herbert A. Fierst, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Arthur M. Laufer, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. James M. McInerey; Brandan C. Kelly, of New
York, N. Y., and Thomas Victor Kingham, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Daniel J. Andersen; Forrest P. Moore, of Lancaster,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb; Edgar G. Brisach, of
Hempstead, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James P. O'Brien; C. Harold
Herr, of Wilmington, Del., and Emmet D. Hurley, Jr., of Pittsburgh,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Harold Alden Jewett; Helen M. Clark, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Miss Marguerite Rawalt; Walter Jonathan
Turnbull, Jr., of Pawnee, Okla., on motion of Mr. George L. Quinn,
Jr.; Theodore R. Galysh, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
James G. Choulas; Nelson Hirsh Shapiro, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Joseph York Houghton; McDannell Brown, of Port-
land, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Joel David Wolfsohn; Raymond T.
Greene, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.;
James S. Stubbs, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Joseph Eugene
Keller; Alma Foster Elliott, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mrs. Olive
Geiger Faircloth; and Edward T. Cheyfitz, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Edward Bennett Williams, were admitted to practice.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following order:
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. Per Curiam: The motion of California to join the States of
Colorado and Wyoming as parties to this cause is denied. The motion
to join Utah and New Mexico as parties is granted only to the extent
360278-55-30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
99
of their interest in Lower Basin Waters. Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan would grant the motion.
The Chief Justice did not participate in this proceeding.
No. 27. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Warren
Company, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the said Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 111. Daniel Castaneda Gonzales, petitioner, v. H. R. Landon,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service of Dis-
trict No. 16, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The Court is of the
view that the standard of proof required in denaturalization cases
(see Schneiderman v. United States, 320 U. S. 118; Baumgartner v.
United States, 322 U. S. 665) is applicable to expatriation cases aris-
ing under § 401 (j) of the Nationality Act of 1940, 54 Stat. 1137 as
amended and has not been satisfied in this case. Accordingly the
judgment below is reversed without reaching the constitutional ques-
tions that have been presented.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 444. Bingler Vacation Tours, Incorporated, appellant, v.
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed.
No. 14, Original. In the Matter of the State of Louisiana, plaintiff.
The motion for leave to file and the petition to perpetuate testimony
are granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Green and
General Laborers' Local 397 of Granite City, Illinois, etc. The motion
to strike the cross-designation of portions of the record to be printed
is granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
100
No. 351. R. V. Archawski et al., petitioners, v. Basil Hanioti, etc.
The motion to dispense with printing portions of the record designated
by respondent is granted.
No. 448. United States of America, appellant, v. McKesson and
Robbins, Incorporated. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 486. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truitt
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 295. Misc. Stephen Mesarosh, also known as Steve Nelson,
Benjamin Lowell Careathers, William Albertson, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. The case is transferred to
the appellate docket and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing Nos. 308, 309, and 310.
No. 481. Elsie Johnson Black and Others, petitioners, v. State of
Utah. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 482. WHEC, Incorporated and Veterans Broadcasting Com-
pany, Incorporated, petitioners, v. Federal Broadcasting System, In-
corporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 488. Stephen Enke, petitioner, v. Jean S. Baucus. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Montana denied.
No. 258. Walter C. Durst, Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors of
Jack P. Kalpakoff and Mary Kalpakoff, Debtors, petitioner, v. Jack
P. Kalpakoff and Mary Kalpakoff and William Chernabaeff, Trustee
in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Jack P. Kalpakoff, et al.; and
No. 498. Walter C. Durst, Assignee for the Benefit of Creditors
of Jack P. Kalpakoff and Mary Kalpakoff, Debtors, petitioner, v.
Jack P. Kalpakoff and Mary Kalpakoff and William Chernabaeff,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Jack P. Kalpakoff, et al.
Motion for leave to file respondent's brief in No. 258 granted. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
101
No. 495. Douglas Scott Thropp, petitioner, v. Henry W. Farnum
et al. Motion to strike respondents' brief denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 256. Lawrence Callanan, Carl Bianchi, L. A. Thompson, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 356. J. D. Lewis and Zelma Lewis, petitioners, v. Spencer
Carver, Trustee; and
No. 177, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 35, Misc. Roy Teal, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan, Warden
of the State Prison of Southern Michigan, Jackson, Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 44, Misc. Charles S. Dereniewski, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 91, Misc. Curtis Fallen and Irene Kinlan Mickwee Fallen, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. Clemmie Williams, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 240, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 243, Misc. Harry B. Gallagher, petitioner, v. Tim McCullough,
Sheriff of King County, Washington, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 257, Misc. Johnnie Elwood Gordon, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 263, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W.
Steele. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. Henry Heimowitz, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
102
No. 270, Misc. John P. Medley, petitioner, v. William F. Steiner,
Warden, Maryland House of Correction. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Anne Arundel County and Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 272, Misc. Vincent Cicenia, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 274, Misc. John Rastus Smith, petitioner, v. William F.
Steiner, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 275, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Cole County,
Missouri, denied.
No. 276, Misc. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 279, Misc. Robert Lee Goldsby, petitioner, v. State of Missis-
sippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.
No. 280, Misc. Ex parte C. C. Dooley, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 282, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 258, Misc. Clara Celia Golden, petitioner, v. Dr. John F. Mc-
Neill, Sup't. of Matteawan State Prison, et al.;
No. 267, Misc. James Seward, petitioner, v. James E. Denny, Illi-
nois State Penitentiary, etc.; and
No. 278, Misc. Homer L. Gibbs, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 266, Misc. Everett Wesley Davis, petitioner, v. The Sheriff,
Finney County, Kansas. Petition for writ of injunction denied.
No. 269, Misc. Maurice Allen, petitioner, v. U. S. Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Application denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1955
103
No. 281, Misc. Neil White, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 307, Misc. Hiram B. Waller, Sheriff of the Parish of Franklin,
State of Louisiana, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Joseph Sheffield. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
certiorari denied.
No. 336, Misc. In the Matter of Disbarment of Orille C. Gaudette.
It is ordered that Orille C. Gaudette, of Washington, D. C., be
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court and that a
rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.
Adjourned until Monday, January 9, 1956, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Samuel W. Plauche, Jr., of Lake Charles, La., Bernard William
Heidkamp, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Nathan Ravin, of Newark, N. J.,
Rudolph Markowitz, of Jersey City, N. J., Harry B. Dowsing, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Joseph Schildkret, of Newark, N. J., Martin Gelber,
of Maplewood, N. J., Richard E. McMonagle, of Cleveland, Ohio,
George J. McMonagle, of Cleveland, Ohio, James F. Eckhart, of
Miami, Fla., and Harold Markowitz, of Newark, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Russell L. Dearmont, of St. Louis, Mo., Richard
H. Brown, of Kansas City, Mo., and William J. Costello, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Thos. C. Hennings, Jr.; Robert T. S. Colby, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener;
George Howard Edward Smith, of Shelton, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Arthur V. Watkins; C. D. Blackwell, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Nelson P. Jackson, of Clifton, Va.,
John V. Fels, of Cleveland, Ohio, Arthur J. Roth, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Robert R. Afflick, of West Warwick, R. I., Shayle Robinson, of Provi-
dence, R. I., Joseph C. Zieba, of Lorain, Ohio, Arthur P. Lambros, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Guilford D. Ware, of Norfolk, Va., Donald Alan
Gerson, of New York, N. Y., and Clarence E. Barnes, Jr., of Louis-
ville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; John F. McDonald,
of Newark, N. J., and Philip J. Mylod, of Newark, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Michael Francis Xavier Dolan; Edward W. Currie, of Mata-
wan, N. J., on motion of Mr. Wilmer A. Hill; Sidney Keats, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel Ross; Abraham Spector, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harvey Rosenberg; Seymour R.
Goldgehn, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Laurence A. Kusek;
William C. Watson, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Joseph J.
Smith, Jr.; Fred D. Durrah, of Washington, D. C., and William C.
Darden, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Carl D. Coleman;
Thomas B. McCulloch, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. C. Din-
widdie Stores; Francis Boecher Stine, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Gerritt W. Wesselink; Arthur L. Wade, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Richard G. Radue; Thomas Nelson Gasque, of Florence,
S. C., on motion of Mr. William S. McKinley; Sol Friedman, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Ellis Klein; Arthur J. O'Leary,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles B. Murray; Clarence
W. Pierce, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Frank Pelligrini;
360278-56 -31

105
5
MONDAY, JANUARY 9,
1956
James L. O'Brien, of South Bend, Ind., on motion of Mr. Robert B.
Harmon; Edwin F. Dosek, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Joseph
R. Gorman; Godfrey Wm. Welsch, of New York, N. Y., and William
D. Lunn, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Leonard Raum;
and L. Orville Cameron, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
I. Martin Leavitt, were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 7. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 11. Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, appellant, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
and
No. 12. Utah Poultry & Farmers Cooperative, Armour and Com-
pany, and Swift and Company, appellants, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeals from the
United States District Court for the District of Utah. Judgment
reversed and cases remanded for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Minton in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
No. 33. Local Union No. 25 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, et al.,
petitioners v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the Superior Court of Massachusetts for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 46. Rex Trailer Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in
the judgment.
No. 4. Ryan Stevedoring Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Pan-Atlantic
Steamship Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black, in which the
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark concur.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
106
No. 45. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Stephen J. Her-
man, petitioner, v. Dr. John W. Claudy, Warden. On writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
Western District. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 437. Boston and Providence Railroad Corporation Stock-
holders, appellants, v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford
Railroad Company, Interstate Commerce Commission and the United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the East-
ern District of Virginia. Per Curiam: The motion of Boston and
Providence Railroad Corporation Stockholders Committee for leave
to intervene or, in the alternative, to file brief as amicus curiae is
denied. The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed.
No. 490. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Watson Bros. Transportation Company, In-
corporated. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Nebraska. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Burton would note probable jurisdiction.
No. 501. Cammie B. Holman, appellant, v. Guerdon M. Matthews,
Commissioner of Banks. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin; and
No. 516. The First Federal Savings and Loan Association of New
Haven, appellant, v. William F. Connelly, Tax Commissioner of the
State of Connecticut. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 231, Misc. Charles Larsen, appellant, v. People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California;
No. 290, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, appellant, v. Trustees of the
Internal Improvement Fund of Florida, etc. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Florida; and
No. 309, Misc. William H. Fuller, Rufus Fuller, and Robert Lee
Hood, appellants, v. Charlie Mullins. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Texas. Per Curiam: The appeals in these cases are dismissed.
No. 457. B. B. Carter, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certio-
>
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
107
rari is granted. On consideration of the entire record and confession
of error by the Solicitor General of the United States the judgment of
the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the
District Court.
No. 491. United States of America, appellant, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission and United States of America. Appeal from the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 507. Lee Walker, appellant, v. City of Hutchinson, Reno
County, Kansas, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Kansas. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and the case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 503. Cecil Reginald Jay, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Motion to dis-
pense with printing of the petition granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 523. Joan Greenway Collins, Widow, et al., petitioners, v.
American Buslines, Inc., Respondent Employer, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona granted.
No. 529. Marie DeSylva, petitioner, v. Marie Ballentine, as Guar-
dian of the Estate of Stephen William Ballentine. Motions for leave
to file briefs of Music Publishers' Protective Association, Inc.; Amer-
ican Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers; Songwriters' Pro-
tective Association; and Motion Picture Association of America, Inc.,
as amici curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 134. Clark Squire, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Dis-
trict of Washington, petitioner, v. Horton Capoeman and Emma
Capoeman, his wife. Motion for leave to file brief of George H.
Brasier, as amicus curiae, denied.
No. 374. Tommy Lee Walker, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 456. Laskey Bros. of West Virginia, Incorporated, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Warner Bros. Pictures, Incorporated (in Dissolution) et
al.; and
༢

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
108
No. 512. Paramount Film Distributing Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Austin Theatre, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 478. National Aluminate Corporation, petitioner, v. Hall Labo-
ratories, Incorporated, et al.; and
No. 508. Hall Laboratories, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v.
National Aluminate Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 497. Hans Zimmerman, petitioner, v. Delos C. Emmons. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 502. Omri E. Daniels, Jr., Barge Hiskey and Bentley M. Mc-
Mullin, petitioners, v. C. Sewell Thomas. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 505. Joel A. Maloy, petitioner, v. City of Mulberry, a Munici-
pal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 506. Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 514. E-I-M Company, petitioner, v. Philadelphia Gear Works,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 515. Alfred Lee Weinberg and Morgan Bird, Sr., petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 518. Helen M. Kiefer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 519. William G. Meagher and Industrial Development, peti-
tioners, v. Eastern Iron and Metal Company, Ltd., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 520. Julian Lentin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 521. Brown Land and Royalty Company, petitioner, v. Frances
Clark Green et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 522. Julius Bascom McBride, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
360278-56-32
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
109
No. 524. May Terry, petitioner, v. Keith L. Seegmiller. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 526. Sam D. Rawson, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 527. Estate of Henry M. Marks, Thomas M. Wade, Jr., et al.,
petitioners, v. R. D. Mackintosh et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 528. Frederick P. Wall, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 531. John R. Cranor, Superintendent of the Washington State
Penitentiary at Walla Walla, Washington, petitioner, v. Albert Gon-
zales. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 532. Margot von Opel, as Receiver and Sequestrator of the
Property of Fritz von Opel, petitioner, v. Uebersee Finanz-Korpora-
tion, A. G., Liestal, Switzerland, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 534. Ira Coleman Roberts, Billy O'Niel Hughes, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 536. Lady Nelson, Ltd., and Canadian National (West Indies)
Steamships, Ltd., petitioners, v. Creole Petroleum Corporation and
Barge 75-8. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 540. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 541. Brockman Building Corporation, Inc., a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 542. Joseph A. Baxter, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 546. Mario Mercado e Hijos, petitioner, v. Manuel Francisco
Lluberas Pasarell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 549. Caroline McDonald Wismiller, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
1
8

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
110
No. 472. Productive Inventions Incorporated, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Trico Products Corporation, a Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 500. Societe Internationale Pour Participations Industrielles et
Commerciales, S. A., etc., petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attor-
ney General of the United States, as Successor to the Alien Property
Custodian, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 513. United States of America, ex rel. Justin K. McCarthy,
petitioner, v. Harold H. Cook, Lt. Col., U. S. A., Commanding Officer,
United States Air Force, etc., et al. The motion to substitute Wilber
M. Brucker, present Secretary of the United States Army, as a party
respondent in the place and stead of Robert T. Stevens, resigned, is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 538. Glenn L. Martin Company, petitioner, v. Northwest Air-
lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas would grant the petition for certiorari. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 60. Louis Berra, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 112. Amos Reece, petitioner, v. State of Georgia;
No. 165. Evelyn Leadman, petitioner, v. The Greyhound Corpora-
tion;
No. 348. David Rines, Individually and as Administrator of Estate
of Lucy L. Rines, appellant, v. The Honorable Justices of the Superior
Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, et al.;
No. 385. Dunn Bros., Incorporated, appellant, v. A. H. Stone,
Chairman, State Tax Commission, etc.;
No. 390. John Syres, Louis J. Warrick and Local 254, Oil Workers
International Union, C. I. O., petitioners, v. Oil Workers International
Union, Local #23, et al.;
No. 400. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. United States of America et al.;
No. 409. W. H. Wilson, Executor of the Estate of Birdine Fletcher,
Deceased, and Sisters of St. Francis, a Corporation, petitioners, v.
A. J. Simler;
No. 415. C. E. Owens, Mrs. C. E. Owens, O. O. Owens and Nabob
Oil Company, appellants, v. Oklahoma Turnpike Authority;

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
111
No. 431. Irving E. Morris, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 436. Raymond G. Cahill, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company;
No. 466. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica, H. V. Higley, Administrator of Veteran Affairs, etc., et al.; and
No. 249, Misc. Grayce Golding, petitioner, v. Sinclair Weeks, Sec-
retary of Commerce. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 257. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Charles M. Gileo
et al.; and
No. 345. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local 438, Liberty Asso-
ciation of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers Association,
etc., et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 20. Corn Products Refining Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 474. Winston M. Reynolds, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The application for a stay referred to the entire Court by
Mr. Justice Black is denied. The petition for rehearing is also
denied.
No. 31, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 16, Misc. John Tipton and Jeanette Marie Tipton, petitioners,
v. People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal of California, Third District, denied.
No. 45, Misc. Ernest Herring, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 101, Misc. Herman Devorse, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 104, Misc. Wyman Graeber and Bluford McDonald, petitioners,
v. State of Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 106, Misc. Gordon Schindler, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 115, Misc. Luther L. Anderson, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
'

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
112
No. 136, Misc. Lonnie Brinkley, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 144, Misc. Lawrence Carrado, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 157, Misc. Sebastian John Intersimone, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 181, Misc. William A. Neigut, petitioner, v. Hon. J. O. Kearney,
Warden, Federal Correctional Institution, Texarkana, Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 211, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madigan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 213, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Donald H. Lilyroth,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 227, Misc. Billy G. Woody, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 237, Misc. Judith Morgan, petitioner, v. The City of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 260, Misc. Howard Dale Foston, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 264, Misc. Joe Hendrex, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 285, Misc. John G. O'Brien, petitioner, v. State of Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 287, Misc. Wilmer J. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Hurley. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
denied.
No. 291, Misc. Mike Riola, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 292, Misc. Edward Satchell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
-

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
113
No. 296, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Captain James F.
Maroney, Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 298, Misc. Devandlis Wiggins, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 302, Misc. Lewis M. Meek, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 305, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. The State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 306, Misc. Elmo Horton, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 308, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 310, Misc. Montgomery Wright, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Joseph
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 314, Misc. Charles N. Lambert, petitioner, v. Lawrence Del-
more, Jr., Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 316, Misc. Anthony Baerchus, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 318, Misc. Vincent Joseph Lamb, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 319, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Arlington Hel-
linger, petitioner, v. C. G. Day, Warden. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 322, Misc. James I. Caviness, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 323, Misc. Raymond E. Tilghman, petitioner, v. State of Flor-
ida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 325, Misc. Leslie Holloway, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
.
२
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
114
No. 326, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Sidney L. Cundiff,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 331, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Philip J.
Petress, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 332, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 333, Misc. Lawrence J. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 347, Misc. Johnnie Diamond, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 348, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden, Missouri State Prison and State of Missouri. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 349, Misc. Eugene Wright, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 350, Misc. James M. Hackett, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 354, Misc. Johnnie Diamond, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 133, Misc. Ex parte Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner;
No. 168, Misc. Ex parte Joe Doyle Banning, petitioner;
No. 179, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois;
No. 196, Misc. In re Harry Dwight Smith, petitioner;
No. 299, Misc. James Colemon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 320, Misc. The United States of America, ex rel. Benjamin F.
Berry, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden;
No. 321, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Homer Thomas,
petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Frank C. Johnston,
Warden;
No. 327, Misc. Gordon A. Shepherd, petitioner, v. Herbert A.
Brownell, Jr., Attorney General;
No. 340, Misc. Noah Hamilton Elkins, Jr., petitioner, v. E. B.
Swope, Warden, New Mexico State Penitentiary; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1956
115
No. 343, Misc. John W. McGuinn, petitioner, v. P. F. Pagelow,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Reformatory, et al. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 337, Misc. William P. Martin, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 338, Misc. Clemmy Davis, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and
certiorari denied.
No. 149, Misc. Frederick Griffin, Sr., petitioner, v. U. S. District
Court for the Southern District of Texas, et al.;
No. 289, Misc. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. Leo A. Rover,
Esquire, United States Attorney;
No. 335, Misc. Truman McDowell, Jr., petitioner, v. Henry N.
Graven, Judge of U. S. District Court for Northern District of Iowa
and United States of America; and
No. 369, Misc. John E. Welch, petitioner, v. Criminal District
Court of Reeves County, Texas, Pecos, Texas. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 300, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden; and
No. 334, Misc. Filadelfio Jose Alcorta Lopez, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
certiorari denied.
No. 324, Misc. Joseph Uttal, petitioner, v. Dr. Leo P. O'Donnell,
Director of Harlem Valley State Hospital. Application denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, January 16,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, January 16, next, at 12, o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos. 66,
72, and 79.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
116
3
MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Genoa S. Washington, of Chicago, Ill., Archibald J. Carey, Jr., of
Chicago, Ill., Malcolm Irving Berman, of Houlton, Maine, and Dayton
Wendell Countryman, of Nevada, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Simon E. Sobeloff; Maurice Rosenfield, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Philip B. Kurland; Walter R. Gambill, of Richmond,
Va., William Henry Martin, Jr., of Richmond, Va., and James Madi-
son Minor, Jr., of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Vaughan Gary;
Charles Augustine Case, Jr., of Abilene, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Edward Herbert Rees; Floyd M. Sprague, of St. Joseph, Mo., on
motion of Mr. E. Fontaine Broun; Mark Hopkins Clayton, of Glen-
view, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles L. Sturtevant; Burke Marshall,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Charles F. Barber; Charles
V. Wehner, of Kingwood, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Walter Biddle
Saul; Lewis Wardlaw Perrin, Jr., of Spartanburg, S. C., and Edward
Patterson Perrin, of Spartanburg, S. C., on motion of Mr. Fleming
B. Bomar; A. Phillip Burton, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; James B. Hovis, of Yakima, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Paul M. Niebell; Fred B. Smith, of Ripley, Miss.,
on motion of Mr. Jamie L. Whitten; Harlan Wayne Martin, of
Jackson, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Albert Dudley McCollum; Henry
W. Howard, of San Francisco, Calif., and Woollen H. Walshe, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hugh C. Fullerton; John K.
Skaggs, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill; Dwight
Eugene Ogier, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Fred Stewart
Gilbert, Jr.; Harold Orlo Payne, of Needles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Robert M. Vaughan; Andrew J. Meara, of Passaic, N. J., Irving
Gross, of Newark, N. J., Sidney Birnbaum, of Hillside, N. J., William
Gural, of Hillside, N. J., Inez M. Stanziale, of Newark, N. J., Harry
Silverstein, of Millburn, N. J., Bernard Salbin, of Newark, N. J.,
Thomas C. D'Avella, of Newark, N. J., Salvatore Muscato, of Irving-
ton, N. J., William R. Ferlanti, of Montclair, N. J., Michael J.
O'Connor, Jr., of Newark, N. J., Philip E. Gordon, of Newark,
N. J., G. George Addonizio, of Newark, N. J., Neil G. Duffy, of South
360278-56-33

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
117
Orange, N. J., Joseph W. Jantausch, of Short Hills, N. J., Milton C.
Yarrow, of Newark, N. J., Achilles J. Grassano, of Newark, N. J., Wil-
ilam J. Tamburri, of Newark, N. J., V. William Di Buono, of Newark,
N. J., and Seymour B. Jacobs, of Newark, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; Richard H. Ward, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Joshua
M. Fiero III, of Yonkers, N. Y., Marvin S. Stone, of Bedford Vil-
lage, N. Y., Franklyn L. Lowenthal, of Yonkers, N. Y., Frank A.
Lowry, of Long Beach, Calif., Charles M. Fox, of New York, N. Y.,
Stanley H. Nason, of New York, N. Y., Maynard F. Amann, of
Richmond Hill, N. Y., Gerard G. McTigue, of New York, N. Y.,
John L. Spalding, of Covington, Ky., Robert C. Porter, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, Howard T. Keiser, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Harry Z. Berger,
of Seaford, N. Y., Golden R. Bennett, of Placentia, Calif., Morton
H. Zucker, of White Plains, N. Y., Warren D. Lauterbach, of Yonkers,
N. Y., and Mitchell M. Bailey, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Edward P. Vignone, of Union City,
N. J., Luke F. Binetti, of Fairview, N. J., William J. Bozzuffi, of
West New York, N. J., Theodore E. Provost, of Mountain Lakes,
N. J., George R. Blaney, of Jersey City, N. J., Benjamin Nessanbaum,
of Bayonne, N. J., Philip G. Nessanbaum, of Bayonne, N. J., Lester
Miller, of Union City, N. J., Joseph H. Warner, of Newark, N. J.,
J. Edward Bennett, of Bayonne, N. J., John F. X. Landrigan, of
Bayonne, N. J., John J. McCole, of Bayonne, N. J., George B.
Kedersha, of West New York, N. J., John Tomasin, of West New
York, N. J., Francis Sorin, of Jersey City, N. J., Anthony J. Cioffi,
of Jersey City, N. J., Joseph C. Dunn, of Hoboken, N. J., Stephen
K. Sullivan, Jr., of Weehawken, N. J., Victor P. Mullica, of Union
City, N. J., Edward J. Lynch, of Union City, N. J., Abner A. Farber,
of Union City, N. J., Barkave G. Elian, of West New York, N. J.,
Samuel Schwartz, of Teaneck, N. J., Alfred E. Shultz, of Jersey
City, N. J., Antranig Aslanian, of Jersey City, N. J., William Ward
Wimmer, of Kearny, N. J., John J. Manley, of Kearny, N. J., Felix
Bigotto, of West New York, N. J., John W. Yengo, of Jersey City,
N. J., James F. Ryan, of Jersey City, N. J., Alfred J. Napier, of Bay-
onne, N. J., Edward J. Donohue, Jr., of Jersey City, N. J., Joseph
G. Barbieri, of Elizabeth, N. J., Theodore S. Chazin, of Jersey City,
N. J., Harry D. Field, of Bayonne, N. J., Harold J. Field, of Bayonne,
N. J., Abraham Chazin, of Jersey City, N. J., Herbert J. Shulman, of
Bayonne, N. J., Nicholas A. Panepinto, of Bayonne, N. J., Charles
N. Kors, of Jersey City, N. J., Jack Feinberg, of Bayonne, N. J.,
Arthur L. McHale, of North Bergen, N. J., Thomas F. Norton, of
North Bergen, N. J., James V. Convery, of Paterson, N. J., Dominic
J. Hart, of Jersey City, N. J., Herman Willner, of Jersey City,
N. J., Frederick E. Riethmuller, of Jersey City, N. J., Louis K.
Wilder, of Jersey City, N. J., George Clott, of Jersey City, N. J.,
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
118
Saul Mendelson, of Jersey City, N. J., Anthony P. Peduto, of Jersey
City, N. J., John V. Behrmann, of Jersey City, N. J., Michael R.
Perrella, of Bayonne, N. J., Vincent T. Dee, of Bayonne, N. J.,
Joseph V. Riggio, of Bayonne, N. J., Edward F. Zampella, of Jersey
City, N. J., Quentin J. De Fazio, of New York, N. Y., Charles De
Fazio, Jr., of Hoboken, N. J., and M. Edward De Fazio, of Hoboken,
N. J., on motion of Mr. T. James Tumulty, were admitted to practice.
No. 49. Norman C. Bernhardt, petitioner, v. Polygraphic Com-
pany of America, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Vermont for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Burton.
No. 30. Dantan George Rea, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Mexico for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan in
which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton
join.
No. 35. United States of America, petitioner, v. Abraham Minker.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit; and
No. 47. Salvatore Falcone and Joseph Falcone, petitioners, va
Harold E. Barnes, Officer in Charge of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
in No. 35 affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgments of Court
of Appeals in No. 47 reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of New York for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
Y

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
119
No. 504. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, a
Corporation, petitioner, v. Audra H. Palmer. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the
judgment is reversed. Hoiness v. United States, 335 U. S. 297; United
States v. Ellicott, 223 U. S. 524.
No. 525. Alfred J. Baudhuin, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin,
ex rel. James R. Mattison. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 28, Misc. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Edwin L. Swope,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari
are granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to
the Court of Appeals for consideration in light of new information.
No. 460. Earl P. Greenwood, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. It is ordered that William J. Burrell, Esquire, of Kansas City,
Missouri, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this
case.
No. 13, Original. State of Wisconsin, plaintiff, v. State of Tennes-
see. This case is set for hearing during the week of January 23d on
the motion for leave to file the complaint. The case is placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 485. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this question.
No. 547. Oleta O'Connor Yates, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case assigned for hear-
ing immediately following Nos. 308, 309, and 310.
No. 533. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Bertha Kaufman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 535. United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank Luther,
Trustee of the Garden Grain and Seed Co., Inc., Bankrupt. Petition

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
120
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 539. Charles M. Weber, Individually, Doing Business Under
the Firm Name and Style of Weber-Millican & Company, petitioner,
v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 544. A. J. Jackson, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Dale R. Peter-
son & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. E. Fermin Flohr et al., d/b/a Flohr & Co.,
Metal Fabricators. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 551. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Company, as Executor
of the Estate of Ivey L. Borden, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 552. R. A. Haberman, Jr., Independent Executor of the Estate
of Elizabeth H. Gravis, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Equitable Life
Assurance Society of the United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 554. Bernard Bloch, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 561. National Airlines, Inc., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board, Eastern Air Lines, Inc., and Colonial Airlines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 571. Ona C. Keiper, as Administratrix of the Estate of Ralph
J. Keiper, Deceased, petitioner, v. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District.
Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 576. Gilbert P. Simons, as Executor of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Kate R. Simons, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 577. Ellis Walker Howard and Ellen Newman Howard, peti-
tioners v. Mildred Drain Wheeler and R. H. Wheeler. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 138, Misc. John D. Hines and James Warren Thompson, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
偶

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
121
No. 146, Misc. T. W. Wade and Jerry Wade, by next friend
Juanita Wade, petitioners, v. Conasauga River Lumber Co. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 160, Misc. Robert E. Carter, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 172, Misc. Donald Bowman, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden
of Ohio State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 225, Misc. John March, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 261, Misc. Leonardo Salemi, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 297, Misc. Michael Timothy Cavanaugh, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 328, Misc. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 330, Misc. Arthur Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Arizona.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 341, Misc. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. Transcontinental Bus
System, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 345, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Alonzo Smith,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 351, Misc. Joseph Mullins, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 353, Misc. Andrew Jackson, petitioner, v. The New York State
Parole Board and the Superintendent of Great Meadow Correctional
Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 355, Misc. Edward Clute, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
122
No. 356, Misc. Thaddius Farnham, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden of Michigan Southern State Prison. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 357, Misc. Louis S. Horn, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 359, Misc. Edwin T. Gwyther, petitioner, v. Harold E. Talbott,
Secretary of the Air Force, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 360, Misc. Edward Bukorsky, petitioner, v. E. J. Uffelman,
Superintendent, Illinois Security Hospital, Menard, Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illi-
nois, denied.
No. 362, Misc. Earl L. Jordan, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Wyoming County, New York, denied.
No. 395, Misc. Fred A. Estep, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 303, Misc. George McGahan, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden, Ohio Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of certiorari and habeas corpus denied.
No. 304, Misc. Eugene Tramaglino, petitioner, v. The Attorney
General of the United States et al.;
No. 358, Misc. Willard M. Robinson, petitioner, v. United States
of America; and
No. 367, Misc. Paul F. Grimm, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Washington. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of man-
damus denied.
No. 315, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. Henry M. Lindsay
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of injunction or man-
damus denied.
No. 317, Misc. Allen Eason, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, State Penitentiary of Texas;
No. 364, Misc. Linton Alvin, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, State Prison of Southern Michigan; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1956
123
No. 373, Misc. James Francis Hill, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 339, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of coram nobis
denied.
No. 346, Misc. Thomas C. Queen, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Western District of Tennessee; and
No. 361, Misc. In the Matter of Ivan Guy De Merit. Applications
denied.
No. 66. Riverbank Laboratories, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Hard-
wood Products Corporation. Argued by Mr. Maurice Rosenfield for
the petitioner and by Mr. David A. Fox for the respondent.
No. 72. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner,
continued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the respondent and con-
tinued by Mr. Morris Shilensky for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos. 72,
79, 82, and 156.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1956
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Robert L. Randall, of Washington, D. C., James O. Moore, Jr., of
Buffalo, N. Y., and Sidney Kelly, Jr., of Albany, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. John Lord O'Brian; Paul M. Lipkin, of Norfolk, Va., and Samuel
Goldblatt, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel F. Beach; Wil-
liam Crosby Pegues, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. Mason
Mahin; Leon Singer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John A.
Selby; Frederic P. Houston, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Aaron Rosen; William P. Cooper, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Truman M. Hobbs, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill,
Jr.; Herbert G. Homme, Jr., of Grafton, N. Dak., on motion of Mr.
Joseph H. Lesh; and Louis J. Weinshenker, of Harriman, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Max Goldweber, were admitted to practice.
No. 72. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument concluded by Mr. Morris Shilensky for the petitioner.
No. 79. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Coca-Cola
Bottling Co. of Louisville, Inc. Argued by Mr. David P. Findling
for the petitioner, by Mr. Arthur J. Goldberg for the American
Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, as
amicus curiae, with the consent of petitioner, and by Mr. John K.
Skaggs, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 82. International Harvester Credit Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. Allen J. Goodrich et al., Constituting the State Tax Commis-
sion of the State of New York. Argument commenced by Mr. John
Lord O'Brian for the appellant and continued by Mr. James O. Moore,
Jr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 18, will be as follows: Nos.
82, 156, 170, and 150.
12
360278-56--34

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1956
125
Sim
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Herman G. Nami, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J.
Kilday; James C. Rogers, of Lakeland, Fla., on motion of Mr. Brice
Wilson Rhyne; Charles Fairman, of Cambridge, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Archibald King; John Lawrence Kelly, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Peter W. Rodino, Jr.; Malcolm Miller, of Wichita,
Kans., and Carl T. Smith, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew
F. Schoeppel; Bernard T. Levin, of Washington, D. C., and Charles
Jay Pilzer, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Lewis Jacobs;
Jack J. Kraizman, of Detroit, Mich., and Allen H. Dropkin, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John R. Benney; Bryant H. Croft, of Salt
Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. John W. Cragun; Jules Fink, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Fred I. Simon; and William R.
Kearney, of Detroit, Mich., and Edwin Collier, of Silver Spring, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel J. L'Hommedieu, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
No. 82. International Harvester Credit Corporation et al., appel-
lants v. Allen J. Goodrich et al., Constituting the State Tax Com-
mission of the State of New York. Argument continued by Mr. James
O. Moore, Jr., for the appellees and concluded by Mr. John Lord
O'Brian for the appellants.
No. 156. Elmer F. Remmer, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Leslie C. Gillen for the petitioner and by Mr.
John R. Benney for the respondent.
No. 170. General Stores Corporation, petitioner, v. Max Shlensky,
Securities and Exchange Commission, Creditors Committee and Wage
Claimants. Argued by Mr. Aaron Rosen and Mr. Frederic P. Houston
for the petitioner, by Mr. Max Goldweber for the respondent, Wage
Claimants, by Mr. Leon Singer for the respondent, Creditors Commit-
tee, by Mr. William H. Timbers for the respondent, Securities and
Exchange Commission, and by Mr. A. Alan Reich for the respondent
Shlensky.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 19, will be as follows: Not
150, 134, and 281.
360278-56-35

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1956
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
64
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Donald Eugene Lasater, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Edward
W. Garnholz; Carroll W. Hayes, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Albert L. Vreeland; Seymour Morton Waldman, of New York,
N. Y., and Martin Markson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Louis Waldman; Earl P. Staten, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion
of Mr. John W. Cragun; Alexander George Hardy, of Wayland,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Fitzgerald; and J. Robert
McClure, of Tallahassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Richard W. Ervin,
were admitted to practice.
No. 150. W. A. Shields, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Truman M. Hobbs for the petitioner and
by Mr. Norman C. Shepard for the respondent.
No. 134. Clark Squire, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Dis-
trict of Washington, petitioner, v. Horton Capoeman and Emma
Capoeman, his wife. Argued by Mr. Charles F. Barber for the peti-
tioner and Mr. John W. Cragun for the respondents.
No. 281. United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Ryan.
Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis
Waldman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 23, will be as follows: Nos: 13
Orig., 227, 286, and 287.
Х
7.
A
360278-56-36

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1956
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ethel P. Kanov, of Jersey City, N. J., Leon M. Rosen, of Jersey
City, N. J., Morris M. Gitman, of Dayton, Ohio, and Herbert C. Hardy,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E.
Sobeloff; Harold Kolovsky, of North Bergen, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Donald O. Lincoln; Richard C. Keenan, of New Orleans, La., on mo-
tion of Mr. John L. Pitts; John Larkins, Jr., of Trenton, N. C., on
motion of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander; Joseph T. Sneed, of Austin, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; Horace B. Van Valkenburgh, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon L. Allott; William S. Fulton,
Jr., of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mrs. Beatrice Dailey
Offutt; William Louis Beecher, of Waterloo, Iowa, on motion of Mr.
Harry M. Reed; Lorne Dale MacIver, of Duluth, Minn., on motion of
Mr. Miles Lord; John E. Bowler, of Valley Stream, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; Arthur H. Von Thaden, of Short
Hills, N. J., on motion of Mr. Guilford Stanley Jameson; Irving
Abramson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David E. Feller;
George W. Sullivan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Donald
Cefaratti, Jr.; Robert J. Patch, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Townsend F. Beaman; Angus N. MacLeod, of Charlotte, Mich.,
on motion of Miss Mary Di Dio; W. Virgil Bean, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Harry R. Horrow; Waldemar J. Lach,
of Newington, Conn., James D. Mirabile, of East Hartford, Conn.,
Peter C. Pietrucha, of Newark, N. J., Peter W. Mitchell, of Caldwell,
N. J., John K. Best, of Glen Head, N. Y., Hulet C. Hornbeck, of Madi-
son, N. J., Joseph V. Impara, of Garden City, N. Y., Harold Smith
Haller, of Saltsburg, Pa., Ralph Dyer McKee, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
and Davis G. Yohe, of Monongahela, Pa., on motion of Mr. Reginald
Carl Harmon; James M. Glasgow, of Dresden, Tenn., on motion of
Mr. Knox Bigham; and Vernon W. Thomson, of Richland Center,
Wis., and Roy G. Tulane, of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Stewart
G. Honeck, were admitted to practice.
No. 21. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company and William P. Dauchy, its Mortgagee. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
306278-56- -37

સ
MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1956
128
Judgments reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Western District of South Carolina for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 100. Jack Lansky and Sylvia Shandloff, petitioners, v. Joseph
Savoretti, District Director of the United States Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Miami, Florida. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and
the judgment is reversed. United States v. Minker, No. 35, October
Term, 1955, decided January 16, 1956.
No. 555. Robert V. H. Sugden and Jean S. Sugden, his wife, pe-
titioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 553. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred C. Bergh et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 559. The United States, petitioner, v. The Western Pacific
Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 560. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake
& Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 322. Frances Vivian, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circiut denied.
No. 563. Simon J. Nash, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Interstate
Commerce Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 537. Claude E. Spriggs, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for wirt of certiorari to the United States Court of

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1956
129
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 550. James Arena, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 484. Vaughn C. Payne, Sr., Individually, et al., petitioners,
v. Gus F. Koehler, District Director of Internal Revenue. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 32. John Michel, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana;
No. 36. Clifton Alton Poret and Edgar Labat, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana;
No. 379. Bausch and Lomb Optical Company, petitioner, v. Dean
A. Lyon;
No. 393. Bennie Lazarov, Jacob Carl Epstein, petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 458. Dr. Henry L. Peckham, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 461. Drawdy Investment Company, a Corporation, appellant,
v. William J. Leonard and Mildred Leonard, his wife; and
No. 282, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 377, Misc. Carl E. Owens, petitioner, v. Edwin B. Swope,
Irwin Moise, Wayne Collins, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 383, Misc. Jack Middleton, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 394, Misc. Lloyd Thompson, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 398, Misc. Robert Manaro, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
જે
1
>

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1956
130
No. 401, Misc. Gene R. Richardson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 406, Misc. George Kirk, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 387, Misc. George Hice, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary; and
No. 393, Misc. Jose D. Castellanos, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
No. 404, Misc. George T. Jordan, petitioner, v. Paul F. Pegelow,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Reformatory. Motion for leave
to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition denied.
1
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 30, until Mon-
day, February 27, next.
No. 13, Original. State of Wisconsin, plaintiff, v. State of Tennes-
see. Argued on the motion for leave to file complaint by Mr. Ver-
non W. Thomson for the plaintiff and by Mr. Knox Bigham for the
defendant. Supplemental memoranda to come by Thursday.
No. 227. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
Arkansas Oak Flooring Company. Argued by Mr. Crampton Harris
for the petitioners and by Mr. John L. Pitts for the respondent.
No. 286. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. South-
west Exploration Company, a Corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Mel-
vin D. Wilson for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 24, will be as follows: Nos.
286, 287, 105, 110, and 213.
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1956
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William J. Burrell, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Monte
Appel; Vincent J. Convery, of Trenton, N. J., and Frank Thompson,
Jr., of Trenton, N. J., on motion of Mr. Peter W. Rodino, Jr.; Andrew
K. Forthmann, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William P.
McClure; Basil R. Pollitt, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Daniel Hubbard Pollitt; Ralph Shapiro, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Charles E. Ford; Joseph P. Murphy, of Washington,
D. C., and David Shapiro, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Samuel M. Greenbaum; Martin E. Field, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. E. K. Gubin; Sarino R. Costanzo, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Allan Y. Cole; Will O. Murrell, Jr., of Orlando, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Eliot C. Lovett; Guy Farmer, of Washington, D. C.,
and William P. Nottingham, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
I. Martin Leavitt; Julius Kwalick, of Elizabeth, N. J., Edward Cohn,
of Elizabeth, N. J., Albert L. Kessler, of Elizabeth, N. J., Harry J.
Weiner, of Elizabeth, N. J., Kenneth C. Hand, of Elizabeth, N. J.,
Jacob Pfeferstein, of Elizabeth, N. J., and Matthew Grayson, of
Elizabeth, NJ., on motion of Mr. Donald H. McLean; and Seymour
M. Chase, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Paul M. Segal, were
admitted to practice.
No. 286. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. South-
west Exploration Company, a Corporation. Argument concluded by
Mr. Melvin D. Wilson for the respondent.
No. 287. The United States, petitioner, v. Huntington Beach Com-
pany, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Harry R. Horrow for the respondent.
No. 105. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
Argued by Mr. Charles A. Ellis for the petitioner and by Mr. Michael
E. Hanrahan for the respondent.
No. 110. Harold I. Cammer, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Charles E. Ford for the petitioner and by Mr.
Gray Thoron for the respondent. Memorandum to come from the
United States.
360278-56-38

TUESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1956
132
No. 213. United States of America, petitioner, v. Ettore Zucca,
also known as Mario Sarni, also known as Ettore Sarni Zucca. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. J. F. Bishop for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 25, will be as follows: Nos.
213, 460, 250, 251, and 422.
14
to
1

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
133
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Morris Kanfer, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Simon E. Sobeloff; Leonard Ziskie, of Hamtramck, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machrowicz; Russell Rice, of Jackson,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. James B. Frazier, Jr.; William P. Jones, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Forrest Floberg; Francis
G. Stapleton, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Linton M.
Collins; Howard Kenneth Hutchinson, of Los Angeles, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; John Parker Dowling, of New Or-
leans, La., on motion of Mr. Donald H. Dalton; Frank J. Wideman,
Jr., of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers;
David L. Hartigan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Boyle; Eugene B. Schwartz, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Vernon Jay Ein-
hart, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Karl H. Mueller; George
A. Purvis, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. David Claudius
Murchison; George J. Meiburger, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Richard J. Connor; Adolph E. Schonberger, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Stanley Walter Jones; John F. McCanna, of Oak
Park, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Wallace Cochran; Charles W.
Brown, of Schenectady, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne;
Edward Silver, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Howard J.
Lichtenstein; Charles Raymond Fowler, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Roy C. Frank; Robert J. Woolsey, of Tulsa, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Samuel Clammer; Howard B. Gliedman, of New York,
N. Y., and Alfred P. O'Hara, of Brewster, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Leonard P. Moore, were admitted to practice.
No. 213. United States of America, petitioner, v. Ettore Zucca,
also known as Mario Sarni, also known as Ettore Sarni Zucca. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Orrin G. Judd for the respondents and con-
cluded by Mr. J. F. Bishop for the petitioner. Memoranda to come.
No. 460. Earl P. Greenwood, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. William J. Burrell for the petitioner and by Mr.
Solicitor General Sobeloff for the respondent.
360278-56-39

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1956
134
No. 250. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Bab-
cock and Wilcox Company. Argued by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli
for the petitioner and by Mr. O. B. Fisher for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 26, will be as follows: Nos.
251 and 422.
1

THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1956
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frank L. Harlor, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Thomas Atherton
Hendrickson, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. George A.
Purvis; and Frank Jordan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Clarence
G. Pechacek, were admitted to practice.
No. 251. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seamprufe,
Inc. (Holdenville Plant). Argued by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for
the petitioner and by Mr. Karl H. Mueller for the respondent.
No. 422. Ranco, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Argued by Mr. Eugene B. Schwartz for the petitioner
and by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 30, next, at 12 o'clock.
360278-56-40

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1956
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
John C. Newell, Jr., of Peoria, Ill., Eugene M. Friedman, of Dover,
N. J., and Donald F. Potter, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Christ D. Lillions, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Harold Irving Baynton; John M. Lawrence
III, of Bryan, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Duncan L.
McKay, of Bend, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter Norblad; Silas
Grady Henry, Jr., of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. William.
S. Fulton, Jr.; John F. Ray, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, and Francis J.
Talty, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas V. Moore; Carl
E. Enggas, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Elton L. Marshall;
Gordon Samuelsen, of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Stewart G.
Honeck; Rowland B. Porch, of Pitman, N. J., Fred A. Gravino, of
Woodbury, N. J., Albert J. Zamal of Woodbury, N. J., Wellford H.
Ware, of Woodbury, N. J., and Guy Lee, Jr., of Woodbury, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Wadsworth Cresse, Jr.; C. Severin Buschmann, Jr., of
Indianapolis, Ind., and George H. Buschmann, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. C. Severin Buschmann; Dawson Taylor, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Lee J. Beaudry, of Tuc-
son, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Arthur A. Steffan; Irving D. Friedman, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sol Friedman; Robert J. Spahr,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Martin L. Friedman; Frank M.
Rosson, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Franz Otto Willen-
bucher; Ruth Joyce Hens, of Washington, D. C., and Jeanne L.
Dobres, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss Catherine B. Kelly;
Clarence Steele Bowen, of Greenville, S. C., on motion of Mr. Norbert
John Heubusch; Thaddeus Buczko, of Salem, Mass., Paul A. Carbone,
of Boston, Mass.; Frederick L. Corcoran, Jr., of Arlington, Mass.,
John F. Dargin, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Lawrence H. Miller, of
Cambridge, Mass., John T. Lenahan O'Connell, of Boston, Mass.,
Emidio Di Loreto, of Winchester, Mass., Samuel Riaf, of Newtonville,
Mass., Francis J. Good, of Cambridge, Mass., Carl D. Eisenman, of
Bridgeport, Conn., and Manuel S. Lato, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
360278-56-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1956
137
No. 22. Morris Steiner, Harry Lightman, Mitchell Magid, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United
States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Tennessee. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 39. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. King Packing Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Idaho for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 13, Original. State of Wisconsin, plaintiff, v. State of Tennes-
see. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to file the complaint is denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
No. 105. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally
divided Court. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 41. United States of America, petitioner, v. Virginia Electric
and Power Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is vacated
and the case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for further con-
sideration in the light of United States v. Twin City Power Company, No. 21,
October Term, 1955, decided January 23, 1956.
No. 209. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company of Georgia et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is
reversed. United States v. Twin City Power Company, No. 21,
October Term, 1955, decided January 23, 1956. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
200
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1956
138
Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in Mr. Justice Burton's dissent
in Case No. 21, United States v. Twin City Power Company, an-
nounced January 23, 1956.
No. 494. Charles T. Crowder and George H. Ellis, appellants, v.
Commonwealth of Virginia, at the relation of the State Corporation
Commission. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 244. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of
California and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar
of California. The motion for leave to file brief of National Lawyers
Guild et al., as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motions of the State of Texas, the Com-
monwealth of Virginia, and M. E. Sandsberry, Jr., et al., for leave to
appear and present oral argument, as amici curiae, are denied.
No. 530. United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Imple-
ment Workers of America, etc., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment
■ Relations Board and Kohler Co., a Wisconsin Corporation. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 570. Jack Rabin, Doing Business as Jack Rabin Farms, peti-
tioner, v. Lake Worth Drainage District, a General Drainage District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 572. Traders & General Insurance Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Martha Champ, Helen Claassen, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 574. William E. Ward, petitioner, v. Charles S. Thomas, Secre-
tary of the Department of the Navy. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 582. Tidewater Associated Oil Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Vance W. Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 592. George Light, petitioner, v. Angelina E. Murphy, Guard-
ian for Thomas J. Murphy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1956
139
No. 567. Charles H. Albers, Frances M. Blakely, C. W. Boden,
et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 568. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company 514% Secured Serial
Bondholders Committee, et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson,
Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor, et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 120. Leo A. Zientek, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Motion
for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 395. Mrs. Josie Kate Gianfala, Widow of Oscar J. Martin,
et al., petitioners, v. The Texas Company. Petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 516, Misc. Carlisle Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Application for bail denied.
Adjourned until Monday, February 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 27, will be as follows: Nos.
54, 56, 60, 34, and 76.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
140
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Charles R. Renda, of Chicago, Ill., Stewart Lee Smith, of Wash-
ington, D. C., Wilford E. Neier, of Roslyn, N. Y., Paul Edwin Kast,
of Freeport, N. Y., Bertram B. Daiker, of Roslyn Heights, N. Y.,
James F. Mulcahy, of Merrick, N. Y., Robert L. Mulcahy, of Wan-
tagh, N. Y., Frederic E. Crist, of Roslyn Heights, N. Y., Max J.
Levy, of Wantagh, N. Y., Patrick I. Flannelly, of Hempstead, N. Y.,
Joseph J. Catania, of Roslyn Heights, N. Y., William W. Seiffert,
of Oceanside, N. Y., Karl A. Kohn, of Rockville Center, N. Y.,
Walter J. Korpacz, of Elmont, N. Y., John Guastella, of Roosevelt,
N. Y., Walter F. Bucalos, of Massapequa, N. Y., John W. Wydler, of
Garden City, N. Y., Nathan Zausmer, of Glen Cove, N. Y., Joseph
Jaspan, of Woodmere, N. Y., Joseph L. Callahan, of Huntington,
N. Y., James E. Smith, Jr., of Freeport, N. Y., Irving E. Fromer,
of New York, N. Y., Lester H. Baumann, of Freeport, N. Y., Ray-
mond Harrington, of East Rockaway, N. Y., Frederick Schrank,
of New Hyde Park, N. Y., Alexander Eltman, of New York, N. Y.,
Anthony J. Scuderi, of Lynbrook, N. Y., Everett A. Rosenblum, of
East Meadow, N. Y., Herbert J. Krohn, of East Meadow, N. Y., Esau
J. Mishkin, of Roslyn Heights, N. Y., Paul Burlant, of Hicksville,
N. Y., George Danzig Levine, of Port Washington, N. Y., Fred
M. Ahern, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Nathan P. Zablow, of Freeport, N. Y.,
Thos. E. Fagan, of New York, N. Y., George E. Maccaro, of Wantagh,
N. Y., Julius L. Birgenthal, of Freeport, N. Y., Morris L. Zausmer,
of Glen Cove, N. Y., Bernard Morris, of Bellmore, N. Y., Suzanne
O'N. Scanlan, of New York, N. Y., Daniel F. Scanlan, of New York,
N. Y., James T. McQuade, of Wantagh, N. Y., Peter Alpern, of Long
Beach, N. Y., James P. Griffin, of Wantagh, N. Y., Joseph F.
Abruzzo, of Malverne, N. Y., William J. Fontanetta, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Sidney Goodstein, of East Meadow, N. Y., Louis G. Turen,
of New York, N. Y., Edward M. Miller, of Levittown, N. Y., Aaron
B. Cohen, of Glen Cove, N. Y., Biagio F. Ginquinto, of Rockville
Center, N. Y., Maurice Albert Bendes, of Woodmere, N. Y., David
J. Weinblatt, of Freeport, N. Y., Kenneth J. Lucey, of New York,
N. Y., Irwin Klein, of New York, N. Y., Max Tachna, of New York,
N. Y., Ruth C. Tachna, of New York, N. Y., Paul Bauman, of
360278-56- -42
H
-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
141
Harrison, N. Y., Edward R. Yamin, of Freeport, N. Y., Benjamin
Zipper, of Syosset, N. Y., Harold L. Goerlich, of Lynbrook, N. Y.,
Samuel H. Forman, of Baldwin, N. Y., Melvin Block, of Massa-
pequa Park, N. Y., Rita Allen, of Baldwin, N. Y., and Sherwin E.
Allen, of Baldwin, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon
E. Sobeloff; John F. Clancy, of Bridgeport, Conn., and James F.
Kenney, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse;
Frank Stanlis, of Wickenburg, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L.
Udall, E. Bruce Votaw, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price
Daniel; David J. Vann, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
John Sparkman; Carl G. Moore, of Maynardville, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. Howard H. Baker; Emilie Eisenhauer, of Portland, Oreg.,
on motion of Mr. Guy Corden; Frank M. Padden, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Harvey Boyd Otterman, Jr., of
West Topsham, Vt., on motion of Mr. Harvey B. Otterman; Lawrence
P. Hansen, of Dell Rapids, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. George S.
Prugh, Jr.; Carl Thomas Fetterly, of Hollywood, Calif, on motion
of Mr. Byron Nicholson Scott; G. Kent Yowell, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. John J. Yowell; Edward Isaac Rothschild, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John Paul Stevens; Joseph H.
Teperman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Louis Paul Haffer;
Eugene C. Carusi, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Ross
O'Donoghue; Max Sherman, of Springfield, N. J., and Henry C. Mc-
Mullen, of Springfield, N. J., on motion of Mr. Kahl K. Spriggs;
Albert G. Besser, of West Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph
H. Lesh; Thomas B. Scott, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Lawrence J. Simmons; Harold Bernard Foner, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Sidney Bernard Levitt, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Irvin Sully
Boyar, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Albert Boyar, of Massapequa, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Isidore H. Wachtel; James H. Manns, of Spring-
field, Ill., Alfred F. Newkirk, of Springfield, Ill., Robert C. Hemp-
hill, of Jacksonville, Ill., Robert Emmet Commins, of Denver, Colo.,
John B. Wright, of Jacksonville, Ill., Theodore C. Rammelkamp,
of Jacksonville, Ill., Gerard John Ochs, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
Frank C. Wierman, of Decatur, Ill., Franklin P. Gibbs, Jr., of
Sioux Falls, S. Dak., Acie William Matthews, of Sioux Falls, S.
Dak., Jack L. Smith, of Fort Walton Beach, Fla., James Snyder
Hocker, of Miami, Fla., John Mead Beasom, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.,
LeRoy S. Lassegard, of Mitchell, S. Dak., Laird Rasmussen, of
Sioux Falls, S. Dak., and Donald A. Haggar, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.,
on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Maurine Howard Aber-
nathy, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss Ruth Joyce Hens;
Harry H. Oshrin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sol Fried-
man; Karl Applbaum, of Jamaica, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bertram
ད

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
142
Schwartz; William E. MacGregor, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn., on
motion of Mr. Bruce Charles Stone; Robert A. Doyle, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Clair Vincent Duff; Francis George Naughten,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Michael Francis Xavier
Dolan; Gregory S. Dolgorukov, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Clair L. Stout; Frank A. Steinhilper, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Edward S. Irons; Simeon Frederick House, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Hamilton W. Kenner; Joseph A. De Grandi,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Francis C. Brown; Francis J.
Ward, of Toms River, N. J., F. William Sutton, of Toms River,
N. J., J. Lester Yoder, Jr., of Toms River, N. J., Leonard G. Lomell,
of Toms River, N. J., William Henry Mee, of Toms River, N. J.,
William H. Huber, of Toms River, N. J., Robert F. Novins, of Toms
River, N. J., and Henry H. Wiley, of Toms River, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Jerome James Doherty; Dorothy Fillius Green, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William E. Foley; Walter W. Geh-
ringer, of Hackensack, N. J., Robert S. Krause, of Hackensack, N.
J., and Joseph E. Fish, of Garfield, N. J., on motion of Mr. Carl
Layton Shipley; Andrew Kerr McColpin, of Corsicana, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Clarence M. Fisher; Lee F. Hanan, of New York,
N. Y., and Martin J. McHugh, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. William B. Jones; William P. Roberts, of Springfield, Ill., and
Schaefer O'Neill, of Alton, Ill., on motion of Mr. Arthur M. Fitz-
gerald; William Joslin, of Raleigh, N. C., on motion of Mr. Louis F.
Oberdorfer; Fulton Brooks Flick, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Julian
Miller, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Jo. Baily Brown; and Leo
Francis O'Brien, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Howard H.
Brandenburg, were admitted to practice.
No. 17. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation and Federal Power Commission; and
No. 31. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Mobile Gas
Service Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 51. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Sierra Pacific
Power Company; and
No. 53. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sierra
Pacific Power Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with instruc-
tions to remand the case to the Federal Power Commission for such
further proceedings, not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
143
as the Commission may deem desirable. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 150. W. A. Shields, petitioner v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of District Court reinstated. The
case is remanded to the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and
Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 281. United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Ryan.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 286. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. South-
west Exploration Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 287. The United States, petitioner, v. Huntington Beach Com-
pany, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims. Judgment in No. 286 reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Judgment in No. 287 affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 19. Mastro Plastics Corp. and French-American Reeds Manu-
facturing Co., Inc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Minton and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 79. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Coca-Cola
Bottling Co. of Louisville, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 42. Victor D. Gibson, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft Service,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
144
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and judgment of the District Court reinstated. The case is re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Texas. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
i
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 558. The Mac Investment Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Michigan. Per Curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 578. Bessie Dopcus, appellant, v. City of West Palm Beach,
Florida, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 589. V. P. Serodino, Inc., appellant, v. United States of Amer-
ica and Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. Per
Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is af-
firmed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would note prob-
able jurisdiction and set the case for argument.
No. 22, Misc. Edward B. Bishop, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam:
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition
for writ of certiorari are granted. The judgment is vacated and the
case is remanded to the District Court for a hearing on the sanity
of the petitioner at the time of his trial.
No. 345. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local 438, Liberty Asso-
ciation of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers Association, etc.,
et al. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is
denied.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation
of Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants,
v. Robert L. Hanson et al. The motions of the State of Utah and
Chamber of Commerce of the United States for leave to appear and
present oral argument, as amici curiae, are denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
145
No. 548. Alfred E. Butler, appellant, v. State of Michigan. Ap-
peal from the Recorder's Court of the City of Detroit, Michigan. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 579. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. Gilbert S. Parnell; and
No. 580. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. First National Bank in Indiana. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted.
No. 616. The Leiter Minerals, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 622. Honorable Walter J. La Buy, petitioner, v. Howes
Leather Company, Inc. and Montgomery Ward & Co., Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 625. James C. Rogers, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trus-
tee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri granted.
No. 601. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee Under
Indenture, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department,
granted. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 610. Max Putnam and Elizabeth Putnam, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 621. Martha C. Reed, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. The case is transferred
to the summary calendar and advanced and assigned for argument
immediately following No. 257.
No. 137, Misc. Thomas E. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
146
No. 557. Poncet Davis, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 564. Edward S. Canton, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 569. E. H. Risser, et al., petitioners, v. City of Little Rock,
Arkansas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas denied.
No. 583. Eileen June McDonald Thompson, Executrix of the
Estate of D. G. McDonald, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 586. Louis J. O'Malley, Joseph Moffie, et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 588. Leonard J. Moore et al., petitioners, v. Capital Transit
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 590. Richard Franklin Bird, petitioner, v. Sarah Ellen Bird.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for the County of
Washtenaw, Michigan, denied.
No. 591. Joseph Iacullo, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 593. Lovell Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Nicholas
L. Etten and Chamberlain Corporation; and
No. 594. Nicholas L. Etten and Chamberlain Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Kauffman II and Lovell Manufacturing Com-
pany. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 595. Leo Sanders and Jessie H. Sanders, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 597. Frank De Marie, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 599. John Lee, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden, United
States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
147
No. 600. The Grand International Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers, petitioner, v. W. H. Mount. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 602. Ashland Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Carlton
Beal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 605. Pacific Affiliate, Inc., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 607. Richland Irrigation District, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 608. Scott Publishing Company, a Corporation, and Glenn
Lee, petitioners, v. Harvey Owens. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 609. Kelley, Glover and Vale, Inc., Trustee, petitioner, v. McM.
Coffing, Trustee, Peter L. Evans, Successor Indenture-Trustee, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 611. Mallonee, Bucklin, and Fergus, Shareholders' Protective
Committee, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Home Loan Bank of San
Francisco et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 612. William Hilliard Claypoole, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 615. Jules Garrison, petitioner, v. Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 617. L & M Realty Corporation, a Virginia Corporation, Al-
leged Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Rena C. Leo, Executrix of the Estate of
Dr. Louis S. Leo, Deceased, Petitioning Creditor. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 618. The City of Los Angeles, a Municipal Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. National Schools and Radio-Television Training School,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 619. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Wong Kay Suey, Wong Poo Sing and Emily
Wong. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
148
No. 623. The Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 628. Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles, California,
a Public Body Corporate and Politic, petitioner v. Jim C. Cordova
and Ramona Cordova. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court of California, Appellate Department, denied.
No. 575. Algemene Kunstzijde Unie N. V., a Corporation Or-
ganized Under the Laws of the Netherlands, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 604. Reynolds Metals Company, petitioner, v. Multnomah
County, Terry D. Schrunk, as Sheriff and Tax Collector of Mult-
nomah County, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 298. Union Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Eastern Air
Lines, Inc. On consideration of the petition for rehearing the order
of December 5, 1955, is reopened and is modified by directing that
the case be remanded to the Court of Appeals to permit that court
to pass upon the several issues left undecided by our reversal of its
judgment.
No. 432. October Term, 1952. Robert H. Kenney, petitioner, v.
Wabash Railroad Company. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 500. Societe Internationale Pour Participations Industrielles
et Commerciales S. A., etc., petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
Attorney General of the United States, as Successor to the Alien
Property Cutodian, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 538. Glenn L. Martin Company, petitioner, v. Northwest Air-
lines, Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 33. Local Union No. 25 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, et
al., petitioners, v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company;
No. 501. Cammie B. Holman, appellant, v. Guerdon M. Matthews,
Commissioner of Banks;
360278-56- 43

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
149
No. 502. Omri E. Daniels, Jr., Barge Hiskey and Bentley M. Mc-
Mullin, petitioners, v. C. Sewell Thomas;
No. 506. Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company;
No. 518. Helen M. Kiefer, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 524. May Terry, petitioner, v. Keith L. Seegmiller;
No. 525. Alfred J. Baudhuin, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin, ex
rel. James R. Mattison;
No. 540. Adele Weiss, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 546. Mario Mercado e Hijos, petitioner, v. Manuel Francisco
Lluberas Pasarell et al.;
No. 554. Bernard Bloch, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 136, Misc. Lonnie Brinkley, petitioner, v. State of Texas;
No. 237, Misc. Judith Morgan, petitioner, v. The City of New
York;
No. 290, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, appellant, v. Trustees of the
Internal Improvement Fund of Florida, etc.;
No. 328, Misc. Aubry Williams, petitioner, v. State of Georgia;
No. 341, Misc. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. Transcontinental Bus
System, Inc., a Corporation;
No. 359, Misc. Edwin T. Gwyther, petitioner, v. Harold E. Tal-
bott, Secretary of the Air Force, et al.;
No. 367, Misc. Paul F. Grimm, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Washington; and
No. 369, Misc. John E. Welch, petitioner, v. Criminal District
Court of Reeves County, Texas, Pecos, Texas. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 18, Misc. Howard Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 69, Misc. Raymond Norman, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 156, Misc. Shelby Franklin, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 203, Misc. Gentlee Hollman, petitioner, v. Hon. Thomas J.
Clary, Judge, U. S. District Court, Eastern District of Pennsylvania,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 236, Misc. James Otis Frierson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
150
No. 253, Misc. Harriet Dow, Administratrix of the Estate of Paul
Dow, Deceased, petitioner, v. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 284, Misc. Leroy White, petitioner, v. The State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 344, Misc. George L. Parker, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen.
Mgr. Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 374, Misc. Percy William Herman, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 376, Misc. John McGlone, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 381, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. William Hard-
wick, Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Louis Baruchas, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Di-
vision of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 396, Misc. William Ross Mahar, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lain-
son, Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 399, Misc. Henry E. Bush, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore,
Jr., as Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla
Walla, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 407, Misc. William Rice, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 408, Misc. Donald Peck, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, and People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 411, Misc. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
151
No. 412, Misc. William Kemmerer, petitioner, v. Edmund E.
Shepherd, Solicitor General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 414, Misc. Richard Paul Bergeron, petitioner, v. Maurice H.
Sigler, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
.
No. 416, Misc. Charles Frisco, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden,
Ohio Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals of Ohio, Second District, Franklin County, denied.
No. 417, Misc. Earl Fleming and Doris Fleming, petitioners, v.
Wyndham M. Manning, Superintendent. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 418, Misc. Olin Kitchin, petitioner, v. State of Missouri, R. N.
Eidson, Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 419, Misc. Carter Caldwell, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 421, Misc. Glenn Armstrong, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 422, Misc. Woodrow Nor Woods, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, Warden, San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, First District,
and Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 424, Misc. Verne Alfred Braasch and Melvin Leroy Sullivan,
petitioners, v. State of Utah. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 425, Misc. Joseph Bert Richardson, petitioner, v. L. Delmore,
Jr., Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 427, Misc. Melvin K. Sikes, petitioner, v. The People of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the County Court of McKean County, Pennsylvania, denied.
No. 429, Misc. Raymond Jack Hall, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 430, Misc. Thomas O. Spampinato and Jane B. Spampinato,
petitioners, v. M. Breger & Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 432, Misc. James Heards, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
152
No. 434, Misc. Daniel Ahearn, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden, Clinton Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 435, Misc. Ralph John Duran, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 436, Misc. Floyd Dunne, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 437, Misc. Fred Jenkins, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 438, Misc. Jack Perrin, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 440, Misc. Edward Satchell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 441, Misc. In the Matters of James T. Aspbury, an Attorney,
David G. McCullough, an Attorney, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 442, Misc. Harold L. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 449, Misc. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Francis
Haines, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Peni-
tentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 450, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Henry G. Morris,
Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 453, Misc. Dupree Poe, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden,
Warden, Oregon State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 454, Misc. David Darrin, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany, a Body Corporate, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 462, Misc. James Cahill, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
153
No. 464, Misc. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 467, Misc. Joseph Jazorek, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 469, Misc. John DeSimone, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Acting Warden, Western State Penitentiary, Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 472, Misc. Nick Allen Klubnikin, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 473, Misc. Mary Agnes Trusty, Harry P. Trusty and Trusty
Air-Cargo Conveyor Co., a Corporation, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 479, Misc. Gordon Sayre Little, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 481, Misc. Russell Sell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 482, Misc. John R. Watson, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 483, Misc. Robert M. Crowe, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois, Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 150, Misc. Henry Thomas, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, etc. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 204, Misc. Jesse Hill, petitioner, v. United State of America;
No. 388, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. State of Missouri;
No. 402, Misc. Ex parte Albert F. Levy, petitioner ;
No. 403, Misc. Ex parte Edward Emanuel, petitioner ;
No. 409, Misc. Elmer S. Lenz, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden,
et al.;
No. 413, Misc. Commodore Perry Sam, petitioner, v. Lawrence Del-
more, Jr., Warden, Washington State Penitentiary;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
154
No. 423, Misc. Arther Arion Binkley, petitioner, v. Ralph W.
Alvis, Warden, Ohio State Penitentiary;
No. 476, Misc. Charles R. Chapman, petitioner, v. Daniel Gal-
lagher, Sheriff, San Francisco County;
No. 477, Misc. Jesse W. Connor, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as
Custodian of Florida State Prison; and
No. 478, Misc. Francis Benton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 415, Misc. Oscar A. Harrison, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden. Application for injunction and motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 420, Misc. Excell Washington, petitioner, v. United States of
America and James V. Bennett. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus denied.
No. 447, Misc. Jack Yacht, petitioner, v. Thomas F. Murphy,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, et al. Petition for mandatory writ of injunction
denied.
No. 475, Misc. Herman W. Bryant, petitioner, v. Honorable Lee B.
Mailler, Chairman of the New York State Parole Board, et al. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 484, Misc. Vernon Eugene Goodson, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Motion for leave to file petition for declaratory
judgment denied.
No. 336, Misc. In the Matter of Disbarment of Orille C. Gaudette.
It having been reported to the Court that Orille C. Gaudette, of
Washington, D. C., has been disbarred from the practice of the law
by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, and
this Court by order of December 12, 1955, having suspended the said
Orille C. Gaudette from the practice of the law in this Court and
directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should
not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the rule to show cause was duly issued and
served upon the respondent, and that the time within which to file a
return to the rule has expired;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1956
155
It is ordered that the said Orille C. Gaudette be, and he is hereby,
disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name
be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the
Bar of this Court.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Green and
General Laborers' Local 397 of Granite City, Illinois, etc. Argued
by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the appellant and by Mr. A. M. Fitzgerald
for the appellees.
No. 56. Murdock Acceptance Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Argued by Mrs. Elizabeth Hulen Grayson for the
petitioner and by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos. 34,
76, 94, and 102.
Х

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1956
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Frederic H. Sturdy, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Milo V. Olson, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stanley N. Barnes; Charles W.
Barrow, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Oliver
S. Delery, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale Boggs; Wil-
liam Austin Meehan, of Philadelphia, Pa., Charles V. Stoelker, Jr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Lawrence Jarvis Richette, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh D. Scott, Jr.; Norman Kauila Chung, of
Honolulu, T. H., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; Hyman
Goldberg, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles Samenow;
William H. Pavitt, Jr., of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Richard
Whiting; John D. Calhoun, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Albert R. Connelly; Ben Schwartz, of Chicago, Ill., Errett O. Graham,
of Chicago, Ill., John A. McElligott, of Chicago, Ill., and Alphonsus
A. Seibutis, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Creighton
Wines; Malcolm T. Dungan, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Herman H. Phleger; Arthur J. Schissel, of Washington, D. C.,
and John Anthony Rhomberg, of Dubuque, Iowa, on motion of Mr.
Thomas H. Carolan; Douglas Roy Gardner, of Miami, Fla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Thomas H. King; Louelle Miller Berg, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mrs. Julia Benton Hopkins; Allen A. Lauter-
bach, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Milton Carl Denbo; Harvey
B. Cox, of St. Louis, Mo., Dallas W. Cox, of St. Louis, Mo., Harvey
B. Cox, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., and William A. Moffitt, Jr., of St.
Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. J. Bruce Kellison; Morris Ebenstein,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; Ronald
Wilson Meier, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Lawrence A.
Knapp; and E. Willard Hyde, of Washington, D. C., and Mario
Saavedra Romero, of Laredo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole,
were admitted to practice.
No. 34. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Bruce A. Mackey, Individually, and Time Saver Tools, Inc.,
an Illinois Corporation. Argued by Mr. Walter J. Rockler for the
petitioner and by Mr. Edward I. Rothschild for the respondents.
360278-56-44
1
1

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1956
157
No. 76. The Cold Metal Process Company and the Union National
Bank of Youngstown, Ohio, Trustee, petitioners, v. United Engineer-
ing & Foundry Company. Argued by Mr. William H. Webb for the
petitioners and by Mr. Jo. Baily Brown for the respondent.
No. 94. United States of America and Federal Communications
Commission, petitioners, v. Storer Broadcasting Company. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Warren E. Baker for the petitioners and
continued by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 29, will be as follows: Nos.
94, 102, 129, and 278.
✓
Bah

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1956
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court recognizes with pleasure the presence in the Courtroom
of His Excellency Giovanni Gronchi, President of the Italian Repub-
lic, and Signora Gronchi."
Burton G. Hackney, of Brownfield, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price
Daniel; R. Gerald Barr, of Port Huron, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Jesse P. Wolcott; C. Roger Nelson, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Ganson Purcell; George E. Bodle, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Landon Gerald Dowdey, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr.; George
Charles Williams, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles Wil-
liam Cooper; Lemuel Cleaves Manning, of Portsmouth, Va., Terrence
Edward Hallett, of Swanton, Ohio, and Norman Flicker, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan, were admitted to
practice.
No. 94. United States of America and Federal Communications
Commission, petitioners, v. Storer Broadcasting Company. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Warren E. Baker for the petitioners.
No. 102. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Contract Steel Carriers, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Charles F. Barber for the appellants and by Mr. Robert N. Burchmore
for the appellee.
No. 129. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business as Bondified
Systems and Eugene Derrick, appellants, v. Orville Hodge, Auditor
of Public Accounts of the State of Illinois, et al. Argued by Mr. John
J. Yowell for the appellants and by Mr. William C. Wines for the
appellees.
No. 278. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Budd, Jr., and Florence
360278-56-45

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1956
159
W. Budd, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. T. Budd, Jr., and Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Miss Bessie Margolin for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 278
and 255.
:

THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1956
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Newton B. Jaslow, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William
C. Levy; Wm. Snow Frates, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G.
Rogers; Dane Critchfield, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert
W. Ginnane; Donald W. VanArtsdalen, of Doylestown, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky; Fred W. Batemen, of Warwick, Va.,
Richard Marshall, of Warwick, Va., and William E. Allaun, Jr., of
Newport News, Va., on motion of Mr. Matthew Trimble Sawtelle; and
George J. Mahanna, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Lawrence J.
Simmons, were admitted to practice.
No. 278. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Budd, Jr., and Florence
W. Budd, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. T. Budd, Jr., and Com-
pany. Argument continued by Miss Bessie Margolin for the peti-
tioner, by Mr. Milton C. Denbo for the respondents J. T. Budd, Jr.
and Company and King Edward Tobacco Company, by Mr. Mark F.
Hughes for respondent May Tobacco Company, and concluded by Miss
Bessie Margolin for the petitioner. Briefs (from 3 parties) to come
within 1 week.
No. 255. Millinery Center Building Corp., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Bernard Weiss for the
petitioner and by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 351, 201,
and 63.
☑
360278-56-46

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1956
161
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Henrietta Mary Bain, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Olive L. Holmes, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, and Ralph Clayton Clontz, Jr., of Charlotte, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; William B.
Murrish, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Harry Clabaugh
Lamberton; Louise Snow Phinney, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Price Daniel; Verne O. Warner, of San Diego, Calif., and
Bertrand L. Comparet, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. James
B. Utt; Robert E. Maxwell, of Elkins, W. Va., on motion of Mr.
Matthew Mansfield Neely; Jack C. Hodgkins, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; C. Arthur Sullivan, of Jackson,
Miss., on motion of Mr. Jamie L. Whitten; Bruce L. Carson, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Philip C. Pack, of
Lansing, Mich., on motion of Mr. Louis George Meader; John J.
McGlew, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Miles Dorwin Pillars;
John J. Burchell, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Harry C.
Barron; John W. Maddox, of Rome, Ga., Albert W. Stubbs, of Co-
lumbus, Ga., and Morgan S. Cantey, of West Point, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Henry L. Bowden; Raymond C. Jopling, Jr., of Oklahoma
City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Paul Lewis Gomory; Frederick J.
Gassert, Jr., of Harrison, N. J., David D. Furman, of Bernardsville,
N. J., Richard Lewis Amster, of Newark, N. J., and Lawrence E.
Stern, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Harold Kolovsky;
Thomas F. Moore, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederic
P. Lee; Daniel Anthony Checki, of Coral Gables, Fla., on motion of
Mr. John J. O'Keefe; Jerome Powell, of Bethesda, Md., on motion
of Mr. John F. Lane; Carl William Belcher, of Cave City, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Lewis Andrew Carroll; John Joseph Hall, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John W. Pehle; Leon H. Murray,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Maurice R. Weeks; Ralph E.
Gott, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John C. Herberg; Henry
Rose, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Henry Geller; Ronald A.
360278-56- -47
RIS
記

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1956
162
Capone, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.;
John H. Lashly, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Samuel D.
McIlwain; C. Maurice Flinn, of La Plata, Md., on motion of Mr.
Harry Tyson Carter; Eugene M. Solimine, of New York, N. Y.,
Jerome S. Cohn, of Chicago, Ill., Robert A. Thiessen, of Wichita,
Kans., Norman G. Maben, of Wichita, Kans., Calvin Mitchell George,
of Naperville, Ill., Owen L. Doss, of Chicago, Ill., Colin Olney Hig-
gins, of Naperville, Ill., Robert Oliver Case, of Chicago, Ill., Clifford
L. Malone, of Wichita, Kans., Robert F. Bailey, of Wichita, Kans.,
John E. Lacy, of Kansas City, Mo., John C. Wasson, of Dayton,
Tenn., Omar S. Bruner, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind., Bernard E. Frizzie,
of Santa Ana, Calif., and Horace E. Perry, of Beverly Hills, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 74. United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Salt Co. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 156. Elmer F. Remmer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Nevada with directions to grant a new trial. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton. Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 460. Earl P. Greenwood, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 72. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Bur-
ton. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
HE

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1956
The Chief Justice said:
163
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 587. The Board of Trustees of the University of North Caro-
lina et al., appellants, v. LeRoy Benjamin Frasier, Jr., et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Middle District of
North Carolina. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed.
No. 613. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a Corporation, appel-
lant, v. State Board of Equalization, an Agency of the State of Cali-
fornia. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District; and
No. 627. Elsie S. Fullerton and Walter A. Fullerton, Jr., appel-
lants, v. City of Schenectady. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 373. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip
J. LoBue. The motion for leave to file brief of Raymond G. Lochiel,
as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motion to remove this case from the
summary calendar is denied.
No. 714. Thomas E. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. It is ordered that Bennett Boskey, Esq., of Washington, D. C.,
a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.
No. 657. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 596. Clinton E. Jencks, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted limited to Questions 1 to 5 inclusive
and Question 7 presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 643. Paul Deemer Johnston and John Sokol, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1956
164
No. 704. United States of America, petitioner, v. Dudley A. Pat-
teson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 57. Bridal Veil Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Union Pacific
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 185. Wagner Iron Works, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board et al.; and
No. 381. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America (CIO), petitioner, v.
Wagner Iron Works. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 343. United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of Amer-
ica (UE), Local 1113, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 581. Ohio Transport, Inc., petitioner, v. Public Utilities Com-
mission of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 603. Ennio Ducci, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Patents. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 630. Conley Trigg Fields, Luther Compton, and Kirby Smith,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 631. Margaret K. Holt, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue and Harold Holt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 632. Eli B. Castleman, Marion V. Castleman, Louis Feuer-
man, petitioners, v. Howard R. Hughes et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 634. Hidalgo County Water Control and Improvement Dis-
trict No. 7, et al., petitioners, v. Wyatt C. Hedrick et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 648. Charles W. Leeper, I. P. Farrar, Sadler S. Gladden, et al.,
petitioners, v. Charlotte Park and Recreation Commission, a Munici-

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1956
165
pal Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 39. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. King Packing Company. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
No. 21, Misc. Mary Turcich, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Zvanja, petitioner, v. The Liberty Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 313, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Roger Touhy, pe-
titioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 273, Misc. Frank Lee, alias Alfred Minutolo, petitioner, v.
J. Vernel Jackson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 12, until Mon-
day, March 26, next.
No. 351. R. V. Archawski et al., petitioners, v. Basil Hanioti, etc.
Argued by Mr. Harry D. Graham for the petitioners and by Mr.
Israel Convisser for the respondent. Memorandum by respondent to
come by Tuesday evening. Memorandum by petitioner to come by
Thursday.
No. 201. David Hyun, petitioner, v. Herman R. Landon, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argued by Mr.
William B. Murrish for the petitioner and by Miss Beatrice Rosen-
berg for the respondent.
No. 63. Werner Machine Company, Inc., appellant, v. Director of
Division of Taxation, Department of the Treasury, State of New
Jersey. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Goodwin, Jr., for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 63, 442,
73, and 410.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1956
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
William K. Dickey, Jr., of Collingswood, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Chas. A. Wolverton; Laura Page Knudson, of Harlowton, Mont., on
motion of Mr. James E. Murray; David D. Weinberg, of Omaha,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. James A. Murray; Norris Shealy, of Colum-
bus, Ga., on motion of Mr. J. L. Searles; Robert M. Kroger, of Indi-
anapolis, Ind., John E. Gardis, of Indianapolis, Ind., and William J.
Regas, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris;
Joseph H. Maddux, of Santa Rosa, Calif., on motion of Mr. James
B. Utt; Gerard A. Rault, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Herbert A. Bergson; Richard F. Barrett, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. Lipman Redman; Philip Dalton Kennedy, Jr., of Charlotte,
N. C., on motion of Mr. Robert Vernon Smith; Thomas L. Franklin,
of Rutherford, N. J., on motion of Mr. Harold Kolovsky; Neil E.
Mac Millan, of Delray Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers;
Dorsey E. Lane, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George M.
Johnson; Elmer I. Schwartz, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Louis Pabst Poulton; Virgil Homer Redwine, Jr., of Sandy Hook,
Ky., and Grandison Greer Allen, of Hopkinsville, Ky., on motion of
Mr. M. H. Thatcher; George Romney Stewart, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Wendell E. Cable; Harrison A. Williams, Jr., of
Westfield, N. J., John L. McGuire, of Elizabeth, N. J., Philip Dean
Cohen, of Elizabeth, N. J., Benj. H. Priest, of Elizabeth, N. J., Ralph
De Vita, of Elizabeth, N. J., Robert L. Sheldon, of Roselle Park, N. J.,
and Steven J. Bercik, of Elizabeth, N. J., on motion of Mr. Donald
H. McLean, were admitted to practice.
No. 63. Werner Machine Company, Inc., appellant, v. Director of
Division of Taxation, Department of the Treasury, State of New Jer-
sey. Argument continued by Mr. Charles Goodwin, Jr., for the ap-
pellant, by Mr. Harold Kolovsky for the appellee, and concluded by
Mr. Charles Goodwin, Jr., for the appellant.
No. 442. Kendrick M. Cole, petitioner, v. Philip Young et al.
Argued by Mr. David I. Shapiro for the petitioner and by Mr. Donald
B. Mac Guineas for the respondents.

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1956
167
No. 373. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip
J. LoBue. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for the petitioner and by
Mr. Richard F. Barrett for the respondent.
No. 410. American Airlines, Incorporated, petitioner, v. North
American Airlines, Incorporated. Argument commenced by Mr.
Howard C. Westwood for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 410,
469, and 158 (159, 160, 161, 162, 163, and 164).
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1956
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Harold H. Velde, of Pekin, Ill., on motion of Mr. Everett McKinley
Dirksen; Victor M. Harding, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
Frank Joseph Delany; and R. Everette Kreeger, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Austin Leonard Roberts, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 410. American Airlines, Incorporated, petitioner, v. North
American Airlines, Incorporated. Argument continued by Mr.
Howard C. Westwood for the petitioner, by Mr. Walter J. Derenberg
for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Howard C. Westwood for
the petitioner.
No. 469. John M. Petrowski, Grace Ringle, a Minor, by Ervin
Ringle, Her Guardian Ad litem, Francis Gelhar, et al., petitioners v.
Hawkeye-Security Insurance Company. Argued by Mr. Richard
P. Tinkham, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. Victor M. Harding
for the respondent.
No. 158. Frozen Food Express, appellant, v. United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 159. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant v. Frozen
Food Express, et al.;
No. 160. American Trucking Associations et al., appellants, v.
Frozen Food Express et al.;
No. 161. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al.;
No. 162. East Texas Motor Freight Lines, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Frozen Food Express, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, et al.;
No. 163. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frozen
Food Express et al.; and
No. 164. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al. Argued by Mr. Robert W.
Ginnane for the Interstate Commerce Commission, by Mr. David G.
360278-56-49

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1956
169
Macdonald for the East Texas Motor Freight Lines, et al., by Mr.
Carl L. Phinney for the Frozen Food Express, by Mr. Charles H.
Weston for the United States and Secretary of Agriculture, and sub-
mitted by Mr. Charles P. Reynolds and Mr. Carl Helmetag, Jr., for
the appellant Railroads.
Adjourned until Monday, March 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
"
h

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Victor R. Koche, of Philadelphia, Pa., Reuben Levine, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., H. Dale Cook, of Oklahoma City, Okla., James Russell
Moore, of Richmond, Va., and Joseph Alderman, of Fairfax, Va., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Edward S.
Grodin, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss; Elmore
G. Crowe, of Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Morgan M. Moul-
der; Bertrand D. Gerber, of Elmhurst, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alan
Y. Cole; Marlin Hewitt Shirley, of Pomona, Calif., and James Steele
Baker, of Pomona, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig Hosmer; Patricia
Pacetti Warren, of Jacksonville, Fla., and Samuel Intrater, of
Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Albert Brick; Elwyn Linton
Middleton, of Palm Beach, Fla., and John Myron Farrel, of West
Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Donald F.
McMahon, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Robert L.
Bryant; Philip J. Close, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Albert
L. Reeves, Jr.; Tilford A. Jones, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. William Simon; Frank Kennard Lewis, of East Stroudsburg,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; John F. Edell, of
Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Roland Rice; James P. Harrelson,
of Walterboro, S. C., on motion of Mr. Harlan Wood; Harold Ungar,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Abraham S. Goldstein; Henry
Hall Waller, Jr., of Lebanon, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Claude E.
Reitzel, Jr.; Oliver W. Folmar, of Tavernier, Fla., on motion of
Mr. James R. Golden; Richard T. Laughlin, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Raymond Underwood; Marvin Walter Weinstein,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Arnold Raum; Robert L.
Park, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Oral D. Ozment; Anthony
B. Akers, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur Murray
Preston; Harriet Spiller Daggett, of Baton Rouge, La., and DeVan
Damon Daggett, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Yelverton
Cowherd; Israel Goldberg, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Jerome
J. Dick; Fred Ornstein, of Shaker Heights, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Donald A. Gardiner; Walton E. Cronan, of West Haven, Conn., on
motion of Mr. John F. Anderson; Bernard B. Cohen, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Henry Hornor Snelling; Paul Russell Shy,
of Chillicothe, Mo., Joseph L. Flynn, of St. Joseph, Mo., Robert E.
360278-56--50
th
E
M

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
171
Zimmerman, of Kansas City, Mo., William D. Cosgrove, of Kansas
City, Mo., Arnold Morton Gold, of Detroit, Mich., Carl L. Rhoads,
of Ecorse, Mich., Herbert F. Miller, of Estes Park, Colo., Jack Zachary
Krigel, of Kansas City, Mo., Elias J. Candell, of Lakewood, Colo.,
Thomas M. Costello, of Royal Oak, Mich., William David Ford, of
Dearborn, Mich., Vincent Mosser Dunn, of Detroit, Mich., Albert L.
Hencke, of Kansas City, Mo., James E. Brown, of Joplin, Mo., James
L. Muller, of Kansas City, Mo., Robert L. Shirkey, of Kansas City,
Mo., Jack N. Bohm, of Kansas City, Mo., Richard L. Epstein, of
Kansas City, Mo., George Herbert Meyer, of Detroit, Mich., Max
Denny Alcorn, of Detroit, Mich., Harold A. Dewey, Jr., of Detroit,
Mich., Fred C. Vowell, of Martin, Tenn., Andrew J. Belanger, Jr.,
of Detroit, Mich., Allan D. Chisholm, of Detroit, Mich., and James W.
Benjamin, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl
Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 110. Harold I. Cammer, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed concurs
in the judgment solely on the ground that the circumstances leading
to the enactment of this statute dictate the Court's otherwise unique
reading of the term "officers of the court." Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 102. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Contract Steel Carriers, Inc. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Harlan joins.
No. 624. The State of Florida, ex rel. Virgil D. Hawkins, peti-
tioner, v. The Board of Control et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied. Order of May 24, 1954, in
No. 9, October Term, 1953, Florida ex rel. Hawkins v. Board of Con-
trol of Florida, 347 U. S. 971, vacated and the following order entered
in lieu thereof.
"Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
judgment is vacated and the case is remanded on the authority of the
Segregation Cases decided May 17, 1954, Brown v. Board of Education,
347 U. S. 483. As this case involves the admission of a Negro to a
graduate professional school, there is no reason for delay. He is

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
172
entitled to prompt admission under the rules and regulations appli-
cable to other qualified candidates. Sweatt v. Painter, 339 U. S. 629;
Sipuel v. Board of Regents of the University of Oklahoma, 332 U. S.
cf. McLaurin v. Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education,
339 U. S. 637."
631;
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 584. Frank Gentles, Don F. Gates, Randolph Caldwell, et al.,
appellants, v. F. Britton McConnell, as Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, etc., et al.; and
No. 585. The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of Cali-
fornia, a California Corporation, et al., appellants, v. F. Britton Mc-
Connell, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of California, etc.,
et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam:
The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeals were taken as petitions for
writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. The request of the United States that it be permitted
to defer until November 15, 1956, the submission of a statement of its
views regarding its indispensability as a party to this suit is granted.
No. 201. David Hyun, petitioner, v. Herman R. Landon, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. The motion for
leave to file brief of James C. Baker, et al., as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 366. Ham Say Naim, appellant, v. Ruby Elaine Naim. The
motion to recall the mandate and to set the case down for oral argu-
ment upon the merits, or in the alternative, to recall and amend the
mandate is denied. The decision of the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia of January 18, 1956, in response to our order of November
14, 1955, 350 U. S. 891, leaves the case devoid of a properly presented
federal question.
No. 105. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
The petition for rehearing is granted. The judgment entered January
30, 1956, is vacated and the case is restored to the docket for reargu-
ment. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of the petition for rehearing.

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
173
No. 701. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the District of Columbia
Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Further consideration
of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the
motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits. The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 241. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Lion Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 713. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Federal Reformatory for
Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner, v. Walter Krueger.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the summary
calendar and assigned for argument with No. 701.
No. 254. Francis R. Smith, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The Curtis Publishing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 337. Thomas W. Banks, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 598. Leona Holcomb, Individually, Leona Holcomb, as Guard-
ian of the Person and Estate of Donald George Fleming, a Minor,
et al., petitioners, v. Aetna Life Insurance Company, a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 606. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Michigan Consolidated Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 620. The Delaware and Hudson Company, petitioner, v. The
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 629. Harlan Blackburn, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 633. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Ry-
Lock Company, Ltd., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
174
No. 637. John D. Myers, petitioner, v. John B. Hollister, Director,
International Cooperation Administration, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 638. Avco Manufacturing Corporation and the Harry Alter
Company, Inc., petitioners, v. Hazeltine Research, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 640. Henry L. DeBusk, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 642. Students Book Company, petitioner, v. Washington Law
Book Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 644. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Irene
Barker, Executrix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 645. Robert Lambert, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 646. Andrew Terrasi, petitioner, v. South Atlantic Lines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 649. Antoine Songy, George Englad, Norbert Tassin, Jr., et al.,
petitioners, v. Godchaux Sugars, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Twenty-ninth Judicial District Court of Louisiana, in and for
the Parish of St. John the Baptist, denied.
No. 650. Fred Fredericks, petitioner, v. American Export Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 652. United States of America, petitioner, v. Chamberlain
Wholesale Grocery Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 655. Doris Sylvia Grey, Infant, and Howard Martin Grey,
Infant, etc., petitioners, v. American Airlines, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 656. Billie P. Jones, Formerly Billie P. Schellenberger, Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of Ralph D. Schellenberger, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. James A. Schellenberger. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 669. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Wilbur C. King et al., as Members of Florida Railroad
+
"

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1956
175
and Public Utilities Commission, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 437. Boston and Providence Railroad Corporation Stockhold-
ers, appellants, v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company, Interstate Commerce Commission and the United States.
The petition for rehearing, the motion to clarify the order of January
9th, and the petition for reconsideration of the judgment as to costs
are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 26, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 26, will be as follows: Nos. 60,
231, and 233.
☑
"
1.

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
176
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
,
Stanley Denlinger, of Akron, Ohio, and Leonard Lyons, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
Charles Robinson Holland, of Rock Springs, Wyo., on motion of Mr.
Frank A. Barrett; Charles J. Miller, of Bridgeton, N. J., Bennett A.
Robbins, of Jersey City, N. J., Malcolm J. Robbins, of Jersey City,
N. J., Ellis A. Lecitov, of Jersey City, N. J., Maurice M. Krivit, of
Jersey City, N. J., and William Reger, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion
of Mr. T. James Tumulty; Russell Floyd Searer, of South Bend, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Shepard J. Crumpacker, Jr.; Robert S. Goldenhersh,
of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Stanley M. Rosenblum; John G.
Pidgeon, of Bisbee, Ariz., and Wesley E. Polley, of Bisbee, Ariz., on
motion of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; Harold Barefoot Sanders, Jr., of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; William V. Kastler,
of Roswell, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. J. Reuel Armstrong; Saul T.
Winston, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Laurence A. Kusek;
Robert L. Hansen, of Des Moines, Iowa, M. Talbert Dick, of Des
Moines, Iowa, Robert R. Collins, of Des Moines, Iowa, Isadore J. New-
man, of Hammond, Ind., Thomas Joseph Krauska, of St. Louis,
Mo., Lee S. Tennyson, of Evanston, Ill., Franklin Albert Steele, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Vincent M. Hanrahan, of Des Moines, Iowa, Leo
H. Karn, of Des Moines, Iowa, Dixon G. Adams, of Bellevue, Nebr.,
Frederick S. Cassman, of Omaha, Nebr., Robert Lloyd Jeffrey,
of Lincoln, Nebr., Miles W. Johnston, of Lincoln, Nebr., Emory L.
Langdon, of Boscobel, Wis., Claude Mason Raley, of Rosebud, Tex.,
Carl E. Burget, of Edmond, Okla., and William Frederic Walsh, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; James Camp-
bell Bigler, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Myron G. Ehrlich;
George Fingold, of Concord, Mass., and Henry F. O'Connell, of
Winthrop, Mass., on motion of Mr. Marvin C. Taylor; S. George
Berkley, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Michael Mitchell
Gould; Alvin Liebling, of Rockford, Ill., on motion of Mr. Saul
Richard Gamer; Joseph F. Gall, of Nashua, N. H., and George
Faulkner Nelson, of Milford, N. H., on motion of Mr. Joseph A.
Nacrelli Alfred Robert Belinkie, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Charles Tignor Duncan; David Bennett Bliss, of Appleton,
Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry J. Fox; Edward Mosk, of Los Angeles,
360278-56-51

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
177
Calif., on motion of Mr. Mortimer Kollender; F. C. Lowell Head, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski; Franklin
E. Spafford, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ernest Schein; Philip
Rosenblatt, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herman Sternstein;
Emmett E. Cook, Jr., of Plains, Ga., on motion of Mr. Eugene G.
Parker; Andrew G. Bucaro, of New Orleans, La., and Barry M.
Woodmansee, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart
French; Kyle Z. Grainger, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Philip F. Dodson; Edwin Beauchamp, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion
of Mr. John P. Frank; Richard Lee Brown, of Fort Worth, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Oliver Bassuener; W. Horace Jewell, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; Joseph W. Lewis, Jr.,
of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Howard C. Westwood; Frank O.
Barnes, of Houston, Tex., George L. Walker, of Houston, Tex., J. F.
Womack, of Houston, Tex., Robert H. McCanne, of Houston, Tex.,
John Nacu, of Woonsocket, R. I., David Young, of Sapulpa, Okla.,
Glenn A. Young, of Sapulpa, Okla., Paul X. Williams, of Booneville,
Ark., Rex McEntire, of Fort Worth, Tex., W. T. Kendall, of Houston,
Tex., Ted Musick, of Houston, Tex., Wm. E. Ford, of Houston, Tex.,
Horace G. Nebeker, of Corpus Christi, Tex., James H. Fox, of Home-
stead, Fla., Joseph Lev Hunt, of Corpus Christi, Tex., Penrose Lucas
Albright, of Wichita, Kans., Robin D. Thompson, of Palo Alto,
Calif., Willard Irwin Boss, of Houston, Tex., Gordon Duval Gary,
of Beaumont, Tex., Donald Howard Yarborough, of Houston, Tex.,
Jacob William Metzler, Jr., of Houston, Tex., and J. David McNeill,
of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 129. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business as Bondified Sys-
tems and Eugene Derrick, appellants, v. Orville Hodge, Auditor of
Public Accounts of the State of Illinois, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment.
vacated with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Minton.
No. 170. General Stores Corporation, petitioner, v. Max Shlensky,
Securities and Exchange Commission, Creditors Committee and Wage
Claimants. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
178
No. 278. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Budd, Jr., and Florence
W. Budd, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. T. Budd, Jr., and Com-
pany, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments of the Court of Appeals
reversed and those of the District Court affirmed and cases remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Flor-
ida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 58. William Ludwig Ullmann, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the South-
ern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Reed concurs in the opinion and judgment of the Court except
as to the statement that no constitutional guarantee enjoys preference.
Murdock v. Pennsylvania, 319 U. S. 105, 115; Thomas v. Collins, 323
U. S. 516, 530; cf. Kovacs v. Cooper, 336 U. S. 77, 78. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 255. Millinery Center Building Corp., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Green and
General Laborers' Local 397 of Granite City, Illinois, etc. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
Illinois. Order in arrest of judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illi-
nois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black concur.
No. 56. Murdock Acceptance Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and cause remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Louisiana for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
dissents.
No. 63. Werner Machine Company, Inc., appellant, v. Director of
Division of Taxation, Department of the Treasury, State of New
Jersey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion, per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren.

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
179
No. 469. John M. Petrowski, Grace Ringle, a Minor, by Ervin
Ringle, Her Guardian Ad litem, Francis Gelhar, et al., petitioners, v.
Hawkeye-Security Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to that
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 201. David Hyun, petitioner, v. Herman R. Landon, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 15, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion for leave to file the complaint is granted and
the defendant is allowed 30 days within which to answer. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motion of the State of Nebraska for
leave to appear and present oral argument, as amicus curiae, is
granted and 30 minutes is allowed for that purpose.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motion of the National Right to Work
Committee for leave to appear and present oral argument, as amicus
curiae, is denied.
No. 626. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case assigned for
argument immediately following Nos. 308, 309, 310, 547, and 566.
No. 661. Claude Mack Lightfoot, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case assigned for
www
1
RU
SIGH

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
180
argument immediately following Nos. 308, 309, 310, 547, 566, and
626.
No. 664. Orlando Delli Paoli, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 676. Charles Rowoldt, petitioner, v. J. D. Perfetto, Acting
Officer in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Depart-
ment of Justice, St. Paul, Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 378, Misc. William Earl Fikes, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted and case
transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 543. Irving M. Rubenstein, a/k/a Irving M. Ruby, petitioner,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 614. Clarence A. Zacher, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 641. Anne M. Evans, petitioner, v. St. Louis Housing Author-
ity, the City of St. Louis, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 647. Joseph Starr, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 653. C. F. Click, petitioner, v. Jacksonville Terminal Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 654. Edith Neuman De Vegvar, petitioner, v. Whitney Gillil-
land, Pearl Carter Pace and Henry J. Clay, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 659. Taft Moody, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 660. Bill G. Blunt, petitioner, v. Employers Mutual Liability
Insurance Company of Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
360278-56- -52

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
181
No. 663. Elmo T. Christianson and Herman Paster, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 665. Jack M. Chesbro, Carl Silverstein, Morris Silverstein, and
Smiling Jack Chesbro, Inc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 666. Carl E. Freeman, petitioner, v. The Sussin Corporation, a
Corporation, Alleged Bankrupt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 668. Cash Cole, Individually and as an Officer and Director of
Bayview Realty, Inc., an Alaskan Corporation, et al., petitioners, v.
Fairview Development, Inc., an Alaskan Corporation, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 670. Herbert C. McVay, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, ex rel. Marion C. McVay. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 671. John E. Dwyer, Jr., et al., Trustees of the Estate of the
Bankrupt, Majestic Radio and Television Corporation, petitioners, v.
Curtis Franklin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 673. Squirrel Brand Company, petitioner, v. Barnard Nut Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 674. Rose Alexander, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company as
Executor Under the Last Will and Testament of Clarence P. Obern-
dorf, Deceased, and Columbia University Press. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 678. Mark J. Hammett, petitioner, v. Times-Herald, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 679. James Robert Palmer and Lenore Palmer, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 680. Armand Valdez, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 681. Southside Virginia Telecasting Corporation, petitioner,
v. Federal Communications Commission, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
rege
T

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
182
No. 683. Louise McGrew Moffett, as an Individual and Executrix
of the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commerce
Trust Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 685. Alpha Beta Food Markets, Inc., a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Retail Clerks Union Local No. 770, an Unincorporated Vol-
untary Association, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 687. William Estep and Dora Estep, petitioners, v. J. E. (Bill)
Decker, Sheriff of Dallas County, Texas. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 688. Anne M. Evans, petitioner, v. Martha Buente et al., The
City of St. Louis, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 700. A. E. Hoss and Sullens & Hoss, Inc., a Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. C. G. (Jim) Purinton. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 726. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v. New
Orleans, Texas and Mexico Railway Company, Debtor, Guy A.
Thompson, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 672. The Balian Ice Cream Co., Inc., a Corporation, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Arden Farms Co., a Corporation, et al. The motion for
leave to file brief of Dee C. Blythe and Lynell G. Skarda, as amici
curiae, is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 682. Covington Mills, Alabama Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 505. Joel A. Maloy, petitioner, v. City of Mulberry, a Munici-
pal Corporation; and
No. 379, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 58, Misc. Thomas Ray Taylor, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden, Texas State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
土
14 | 15

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
183
No. 63, Misc. Buell Sherman Shaw, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 89, Misc. Coleman J. Sepe, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 329, Misc. Donald Bryce Lawrence, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 352, Misc. Herbert LeBeau, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 365, Misc. Kenneth LeRoy Kester, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California and Harley O. Teets, Warden, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 370, Misc. Herschel Branch, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 375, Misc. Mariano Fili, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 389, Misc. C. D. Eckford, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Clair County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 397, Misc. Ralph McNutt, petitioner, v. Lawrence L. Delmore,
Jr., as Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla
Walla, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 400, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. Carlton Hayward, Louis
Levine, Leo A. Rover, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 410, Misc. Millard Ford, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Pulaski County, Illinois, denied.
No. 443, Misc. Robert Lee Breeding, petitioner, v. Warden of the
Minnesota State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 448, Misc. Harry R. Malmberg, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
H
R

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
184
No. 451, Misc. Gehard Edward Stelter, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 456, Misc. B. Lowery, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden,
Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 457, Misc. Charley Spry, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 461, Misc. George Nottage, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 463, Misc. Levi Sheard, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 465, Misc. Jerry Lee Bonsor, petitioner, v. The Court of Crim-
inal Appeals of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 470, Misc. David D. Bocock, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. Thomas W. May, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Marion
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 486, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. William M. Evans,
petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 489, Misc. Ex parte Lacy Wingfield, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 490, Misc. Thomas C. Livesay, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 491, Misc. Oppie Edwards, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 493, Misc. Lovell Landers, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 495, Misc. Clarence Henderson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, Illinois, denied.
指
the th
F

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956
185
No. 496, Misc. William Mitchell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 498, Misc. Joseph Cullen, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 499, Misc. Cleo Murray, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of the State Prison at Represa, California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 500, Misc. Tony Garcia, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 503, Misc. Amedio Cianci, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 508, Misc. Ernest A. Spencer, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden, State Prison of Southern Michigan. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 512, Misc. Richard M. Didier, petitioner, v. State of Washing-
ton et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 514, Misc. Michael Petrucelli, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 519, Misc. Edward Lee Aull, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 521, Misc. Joseph Frey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Di-
vision of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 522, Misc. Henry F. Reddington, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 524, Misc. Elbert Riddle, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden,
Oklahoma State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 527, Misc. Arthur Jerome Watson, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 530, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Fred Ledbetter,
petitioner, v. The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the County Court of Kings County, New York, denied.

H
MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
186
No. 532, Misc. William Stone, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Di-
vision of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 536, Misc. Sims Richardson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 537, Misc. Peter Kadio, petitioner, v. State of Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 540, Misc. Frank Luzzi, petitioner, v. Court of Quarter Ses-
sions of Oyer and Terminer, County of Berks, Reading, Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 543, Misc. Stanley Seltenrich, petitioner, v. Maurice H. Sigler,
Warden, Louisiana State Penitentiary, Angola, La. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 293, Misc. Louis G. B. Bilbao, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 311, Misc. Harry Morris Sherman, petitioner, v. United States
of America; and
No. 506, Misc. Mario Green, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certi-
orari denied.
No. 385, Misc. Clarence Beard, petitioner, v. State of Ohio; and
No. 487, Misc. Joseph Godfrey Moore, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Applications denied.
No. 391, Misc. Irving R. Cherry and Floyd Fisher, petitioners, v.
Curtis Reid, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail;
No. 497, Misc. George B. Minton, petitioner, v. The Criminal Dis-
trict Court Reporter of San Jacinto County, Texas; and
No. 502, Misc. Edward Bukorsky, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois, E. J. Uffelman, Superintendent, Illinois Security
Hospital. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 488, Misc. John H. Lee, petitioner, v. State of Rhode Island;
No. 504, Misc. Jerome Alexander Blake, petitioner, v. Warden,
New York State Penitentiary, Auburn, New York;
"
to
"
"
24
目

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1956'
187
No. 507, Misc. William J. Hamel, petitioner, v. R. N. Eidson,
Warden, State Prison;
No. 520, Misc. In the Matter of Joseph Uttal, petitioner;
No. 531, Misc. Ex parte Joe Doyle Banning, petitioner; and
No. 553, Misc. Gertrude MacDonald, petitioner, v. Robert Jerome
Dunne, Judge of the Probate Court of Cook County, Illinois. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 602, Misc. Lonnie Brinkley, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of error coram nobis denied.
No. 60. Louis Berra, petitioner, v. United States of America. Ar-
gued by Mr. Stanley M. Rosenblum for the petitioner and by Mr.
Philip Elman for the respondent.
No. 231. Bill Hatahley et al., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Norman M. Littell for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos. 231,
233, 282, and 320.
B
+%
41

TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1956
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
John P. Jellico, of Charleston, S. C., on motion of Mr. William R.
Orlandi; Leonard L. Roth, of Monroeville, Ala., on motion of Mr.
Joseph Millenson; Richard Konrad Fliss, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. George Morris Fay; Milton Garber, of Hoboken, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Nathan Baker; Joseph Levinson, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Sheldon E. Bernstein; David Goldman, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Matthew Hale; P. Z. Jones, of Jackson, Miss., on
motion of Mr. Edward Donald Moseley; John George Sevcik, of Chi-
cago, Ill., Plummer M. Shearin, of Silver Spring, Md., and James D.
Conway, of Hastings, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Redding;
J. Norman Stone, of Sheridan, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Allan L.
Kamerow; Myles H. Knowles, of Washington, D. C., and Mrs. Eliza-
beth Knowles, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Miles H.
Knowles; Maurice Washer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Julian
Robert Wilheim; Frank R. Eslinger, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Joseph A. Nacrelli; John R. Kewer, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. John J. Finn; and Arnold Rivkin, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss, were admitted to practice.
No. 231. Bill Hatahley et al., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the respond-
ent and concluded by Mr. Norman M. Littell for the petitioners.
No. 233. Dixie Carriers, Inc., Coyle Lines Incorporated, et al.,
appellants, v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Argued by Mr. Nuel D. Belnap for the appellants, by
Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the United States, by Mr. Samuel R.
Howell for the Interstate Commerce Commission, and by Mr. John A.
Daily for New York Central Railroad Company et al.
No. 282. Alma Schulz, Administratrix of the Estate of August M.
Schulz, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Nathan Baker for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Joseph P. Allen for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 282,
320, 383, and 523.
1
1

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 28, 1956
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Bruce Paul Badley, of Lander, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Frank A.
Barrett; Stephen Wycoff, of Santa Cruz, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Gray Thoron; Roger Martin Dougherty, of Falls Church, Va., on mo-
tion of Mr. Harold Appleby Kennedy; Carl A. Chadwick, of Natchez,
Miss., on motion of Mr. Edward Donald Moseley; John B. Bates, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; and Rob-
ert D. Douglas, Jr., of Greensboro, N. C., and J. Archie Cannon, Jr.,
of Greensboro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Scott, were ad-
mitted to practice.
""
No. 282. Alma Schulz, Administratrix of the Estate of August M.
Schulz, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Joseph P. Allen for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Nathan Baker for the petitioner. Leave granted peti-
tioner to file exhibits.
No. 320. George B. Parr, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Everett L. Looney for the petitioner,
continued by Mr. Gray Thoron for the respondent and concluded by
Mr. Abe Fortas for the petitioner.
No. 383. General Box Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward Daniel Moseley for
the petitioner, continued by Mr. S. Billingsley Hill for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Ross R. Barnett for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 523,
380, and 486.
Х
360278-56-54

THURSDAY, MARCH 29, 1956
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Alfred P. Stuart, of Marshall, Mich., on motion of Mr. Louis George
Meader; Russell L. Stevens, of Agana, Guam, on motion of Mr. I.
Henry Kutz; Willis H. Holmes, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of
Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; Walter E. Hiner, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. John W. Shields; Louis Andre Fernandez, of Tampa,
Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Stephen M. Pierson, of
Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Loren K. Olson; and John R.
Davison, of Elsmere, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frazer Frost Hilder,
were admitted to practice.
No. 523. Joan Greenway Collins, Widow, et al., petitioners, v.
American Buslines, Inc., Respondent Employer, et al. Argued by
Mr. John P. Frank for the petitioners and by Mr. John R. Franks
for the respondent, The Industrial Commission of Arizona. No ap-
pearance for respondent, American Buslines, Inc.
No. 380. Edwin B. Covey, Committee of the Person and Property
of Nora Brainard, an Incompetent, appellant, v. Town of Somers.
Argued by Mr. Samuel M. Sprafkin for the appellant, by Mr. Otto
E. Koegel for the appellee and by Mr. John R. Davison for the State
of New York, as amicus curiae, with the consent of counsel for the
appellee.
No. 486. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truitt
Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. David P. Findling for the
petitioner and by Mr. R. D. Douglas, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 2, will be as follows: No. 489.
✓
360278-56-55
11
""

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
William Ramsey Clark, of Dallas, Tex., Walter Dreifuss, of New
York, N. Y., Murray J. Diamond, of New York, N. Y., William V.
Simpson, of Port Huron, Mich., Edward R. FitzSimons, of Berkeley,
Calif., Hugh E. Mahanes, of Oceana, Va., and Ben D. Worcester, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff;
Mary Vance Guinn, of El Paso, Tex., and Ernest Guinn, of El Paso,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Charles B. Fulton, of West
Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Neal P. Rut-
ledge, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Reeves Bowen; H. B. Jones,
Jr., of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. H. B. Jones; Harry George
Weissenberger, of Dalton, Ga., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener; Terence J. Smyth, of Ossining, N. Y., and Daniel G. Levin,
of Ossining, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Stanley B. Frosh; William D.
Patton, of Johnstown, Pa., on motion of Mr. Ralph D. Pittman;
Morton Witkin, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson
Rhyne; Harry C. Kinne, Jr., of McHenry, Ill., on motion of Mr.
George E. Reed; Keith J. Leenhouts, of Royal Oak, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Frank G. Millard; Robert Howard Schnacke, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Lesh; Dan Chappell, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John L. Ingoldsby, Jr.; John D. Lane,
or Norwalk, Conn., on motion of Mr. Thomas Gardiner Corcoran;
Arthur L. Price, Jr., of Champaign, Ill., John Richardson Mackay,
of Wheaton, Ill., and William St. John, of Ossining, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; Augustin J. San Filippo, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alvin Olaf West; William H.
Horr, of Portsmouth, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James Davies Williams,
Jr.; Samuel Schoenberg, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Joel David
Wolfsohn; Francisco Coll Moya, of San Juan, P. R., on motion of
Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Tom L. Yates, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Clifford R. Stearns; Roswell B. Perkins, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Paul F. Perkins; and Sidney Krieger, of Newark,
N. J., and Leo C. Zucker, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph M.
Bonuso, were admitted to practice.
360278-56--56
61
.
[
B

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
192
No. 10. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve Nel-
son. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr.
Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Minton join.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 66. Riverbank Laboratories, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Hard-
wood Products Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The
Court is of the opinion that the District Court correctly found there
was proper service upon the defendant in this case. Accordingly, the
judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded
to the District Court for further proceedings. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 316. The Raymond Bag Company, appellant, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Douglas would note probable jurisdiction.
No. 736. In the Matter of the Application of Eugene Burwell; and
No. 737. In the Matter of the Application of James Alonzo Rogers.
On certificates from the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Certificates dismissed. Memorandum opinion filed with
the Clerk.
No. 625. James C. Rogers, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation. The motion to
substitute Missouri Pacific Railroad Company as the party respondent
in the place and stead of Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., is granted.
No. 690. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Textile
Workers Union of America, CIO, and its Agents Earl McGrew, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 702. Allen I. Nilva, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition or writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted.
棍
4.
".
44

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
193
No. 667. Tractor Training Service, a Corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 677. Floyd Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Idaho. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 684. Michigan Wisconsin Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Phillips Petroleum Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 686. Anthony Tonty, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court and
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 689. Pinellas Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 696. Wilbur A. Sale, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 698. United States of America ex rel. Tony Marino, petitioner,
v. Ralph H. Holton, District Director, Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service, Chicago, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 705. Norvin Rieser, Milton S. Koblitz, George S. Champlin,
et al., petitioners, v. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 709. David Pleason, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 711. Board of Education of Hillsboro, Ohio, a Body Corporate,
et al., petitioners, v. Joyce Marie Clemons, an Infant, by Gertrude
Clemons, her Mother, and Next Friend, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 717. Efco Manufacturing, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 756. Esther M. Kromer and Edward L. Kromer and Stayon
Products, Inc., an Illinois Corporation, petitioners, v. Riegel Textile
Corporation, a Delaware Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
M
F
th
I
GEH

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
194
No. 21. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company and William P. Dauchy, its Mortgagee; and
No. 209. United States of America, petitioner, v. Twin City Power
Company of Georgia et al.;
No. 589. V. P. Serodino, Inc., appellant, v. United States of Amer-
ica and Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 396, Misc. William Ross Mahar, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lain-
son, Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary; and
No. 430, Misc. Thomas O. Spampinato and Jane B. Spampinato,
petitioners, v. M. Breger & Co., Inc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 392, Misc. Theodore Malcolm Kramer, petitioner, v. Ralph W.
Alvis, Warden, Ohio Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 444, Misc. William Raymond Lindsey, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 452, Misc. Raymond Leary, Jr., petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 455, Misc. Charles D. Hatfield, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 459, Misc. George Sessions, Jr., petitioner, v. Wyndham Man-
ning, Sr., Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 485, Misc. Francis J. Hilderbrand, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 505, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Charles R.
Winston, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden, Illinois State
Penitentiary, Menard. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 518, Misc. Mrs. Nancy Ellen Gilbert Acker, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
"
441
帽
540

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
195
No. 550, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United States
Veterans Administration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 561, Misc. Edward Tillman, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 562, Misc. Maurice Francis Mercer, Jr., petitioner, v. People
of the State of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judi-
cial Department, denied.
No. 567, Misc. Robert E. Lea, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 585, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Warden, Missouri
State Prison and the State of Missouri. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 587, Misc. George Grieshaber, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 604, Misc. Andrew Mikka, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 445, Misc. Henry H. Stevens, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden, Attica State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth
Judicial Department, denied. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 557, Misc. John Collins, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of California State Prison at Folsom. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
also denied.
No. 12, Misc. Ralph J. Bindrim, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 426, Misc. Ray Schrader, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois;
No. 433, Misc. William John Johnson, petitioner, v. Warden, East-
ern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pa.; and
No. 589, Misc. Howard W. Davis, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
144
44
"
1

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1956
196
No. 428, Misc. Ruth Boyce, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Application denied.
No. 431, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, appellant, v. Board of Educa-
tion of Florida. Petition for allowance of appeal denied.
No. 511, Misc. Monroe Rex Bell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, April 9, and
from that day until Monday, April 23, next.
No. 489. Dan Durley, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian,
Florida State Prison. Argued by Mr. Neal P. Rutledge for the
petitioner and by Mr. Reeves Bowen for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
4
1
THE
Ho
THE

197
MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice.
Harlan.
Charles S. Burdell, of Seattle, Wash., Edward D. Flaherty, of
Buffalo, N. Y., Maurice S. Meyer, of Newark, N. J., and Paul James
Maxwell, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon
E. Sobeloff; W. H. Parker, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Helen VanGul-
pen Harris, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Olney III;
Dorothea Mesny, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Mildred Murphy, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Miss M. Vashti Burr; Charles C.
Chesnut, of Miami, Okla., on motion of Mr. Edmond A. Edmond-
son, Jr.; Frank E. Diston, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and John Farr
Larson, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. William A. Daw-
son; Cecil L. Hurley, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Eugene C. Wohlhorn,
of Bellaire, N. Y., Gerald P. Siegel, of Boston, Mass., and Warren
Eugene Banks, Jr., of Hot Springs, Ark., on motion of Mr. Richard
B. Berryman; John P. Cox, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Vernon C. Kohlhaas; Robert W. Griffith, of Little Rock, Ark., and
Floyd Lee Williams, Jr., of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; James T. McNelis, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; Stanley C. Lagerlof, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; William J.
Schmid, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Carl Bernard Rubin, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles Watson Hover; Cyril Porter Dick-
son, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Lee I. Park; George M. St.
Peter, of Fond du Lac, Wis., on motion of Mr. John E. Powell; War-
ren Harrison Biscailuz, of Santa Monica, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Byron Nicholas Scott; Theodore J. Breitwieser, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. William Leavenworth Colby; Robert Arthur Diemer,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Ross G. Porter; Paul
Aaroe, of Washington, N. J., on motion of Mr. Carl Layton Shipley;
John Arnold Cannon, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. M. H.
Thatcher; Joseph Robert Walsh, of Washington, D. C., cn motion of
Mr. Joseph Leo McGroary; Eugene Leroy Rogers, of Washington,
D. C., and William Harold Bailey, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Pleasant Baxter Davis; and Cooley Clayton Berry of Spartan-
burg, S. C., Johnnie R. Peebles, of Decatur, Ga., Donald B. Wiley, of
Atlanta, Ga., Theodore Spahr Fair, of Waco, Tex., John M. Royall,
360278-56-57
MI

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
198
Jr., of Decatur, Ga., George R. Creedle, of Park Ridge, Ill., Arthur
Philip Wilson, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., Robert W. Spence, of Austin,
Tex., and Reuben P. Allen, Jr., of Yorktown, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 38. Raymond C. Armstrong, petitioner, v. Mary R. Armstrong,
General Motors Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Minton. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joining the opinion of the Court. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Clark join.
No. 23. Harry Slochower, appellant, v. The Board of Higher Edu-
cation of the City of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of the Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join the
Court's judgment and opinion, but also adhere to the views expressed
in their dissents in Adler v. Board of Education, and Garner v. Los
Angeles Board and to their concurrences in Wieman v. Updegraff.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton
and Mr. Justice Minton join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 82. International Harvester Credit Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. Allen J. Goodrich et al., Constituting the State Tax Commis-
sion of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Douglas
concurs. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 351. R. V. Archawski et al., petitioners, v. Basil Hanioti, etc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the United States Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 523. Joan Greenway Collins, Widow, et al., petitioners, v.
American Buslines, Inc., Respondent Employer, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arizona. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ari-
zona for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
##
4.
IL

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
199
No. 282. Alma Schulz, Administratrix of the Estate of August M.
Schulz, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton,
and Mr. Justice Minton dissent. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 675. J. Frank Rothwell and Dorothea D. Rothwell, appellants,
v. Samuel O. Linzell, Director of Highways. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 699. United States of America, petitioner, v. White Bear
Brewing Co., Inc., and Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Trustee,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Harlan concurs.
No. 66. Riverbank Laboratories, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Hardwood Products Corporation. The order entered in this case on
| April 2, 1956, is amended to provide for a remand of the case to the
1. United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
No. 92. Mabel Black and T. Y. Wulff, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Cutter Laboratories, a Corporation. The motion to continue this case
to the next term is denied.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motion of the State of South Dakota
for leave to appear and present oral argument, as amicus curiae, is
denied.
No. 718. United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul E. Plesha
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
'
"

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
200
No. 639. Forrest L. Moe and Edith B. Moe, petitioners, v. Hugh
H. Earle, Former Collector of Internal Revenue at Portland, Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 651. The Greyhound Corporation, petitioner, v. G. C. Martin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 697. Oscar L. Grant et al., petitioners, v. Ezra Taft Benson,
Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 708. Luella Dube et al., petitioners, v. City of Chicago. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 712. August Faucetta, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 715. Tommy Deskin, petitioner, v. Arthur Pazan, d/b/a Pazan
Motor Freight, Michigan Unemployment Compensation Commission,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 725. Marathon Foundry and Machine Company, a Corpora-
tion, Debtor, petitioner, v. Joseph Schwartz and Francis J. Curtis,
Trustees of Marathon Foundry and Machine Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 730. Orren Hulett, petitioner, v. Emmitt L. Brinson. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 740. Lorentz Ludvigsen, petitioner, v. Commercial Stevedoring
Co., Inc., and A/S L. J. Mowinckels Rederi. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 703. Ernest King Bramblett, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. The.Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 710. Allentown Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Communications Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
・
#
ofn

1
MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
201
No. 42. Victor D. Gibson, petitioner, v. Lockheed Aircraft Service,
Inc.;
No. 598. Leona Holcomb, Individually, Leona Holcomb, as Guard-
ian of the Person and Estate of Donald George Fleming, a Minor, et
al., petitioners, v. Aetna Life Insurance Company, a Corporation;
No. 454, Misc. David Darrin, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany, a Body Corporate, et al.; and
No. 484, Misc. Vernon Eugene Goodson, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 405, Misc. Nicholas Smereka, Theodore Smith, and Orville
Defoe, petitioners, v. The People of the State of Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 492, Misc. H. Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 539, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Latham Castle, At-
torney General of Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 547, Misc. George N. Mas and Frank M. Mas, petitioners, v.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 551, Misc. Ernest Ingenito, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 555, Misc. Howard Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 559, Misc. William Lynn Stroup, petitioner, v. John G. Fox,
Attorney General of West Virginia, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 574, Misc. Willie Allen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 592, Misc. George H. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Ill. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 577, Misc. Thomas James Dunn, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 598, Misc. Morris W. Gordon, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
12
14

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
202
No. 638, Misc. Theodore Wulsch, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois and Ross Randolph, Warden. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 546, Misc. John Edward Baldwin, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
No. 624, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
ORDER
Ordered:
1. That Rules 41 (a), 46 (a) (2), 54 (a) (1), and 54 (c) of the Rules
of Criminal Procedure for the United States District Courts be, and
they hereby are, amended as hereinafter set forth.
2. That The Chief Justice be authorized to report these amend-
ments to Congress in accordance with the provisions of Title 18,
U.S. C., sec. 3771.
“RULE 41 (a).
"(a) AUTHORITY TO ISSUE WARRANT. A search warrant authorized
by this rule may be issued by a judge of the United States or of a
state, commonwealth, or territorial court of record or by a United
States commissioner within the district wherein the property sought is
located.
“RULE 46 (a) (2).
"(2) UPON REVIEW. Bail may be allowed pending appeal or certi-
orari unless it appears that the appeal is frivolous or taken for delay.
Pending appeal to a court of appeals, bail may be allowed by the trial
judge, by the court of appeals, or by any judge thereof or by the cir-
cuit justice, to run until final termination of the proceedings in all
courts. Pending appeal or certiorari to the Supreme Court, bail may
be allowed by the court of appeals or by any judge thereof or by the
Supreme Court or by a Justice thereof. Any Court or any judge
or justice authorized to grant bail may at any time revoke the order
admitting the defendant to bail.
“RULE 54 (a) (1).
"(1) Courts. These rules apply to all criminal proceedings in
the United States District Courts, which include the District Court
for the Territory of Alaska, the District Court of Guam, and the Dis-
h
i
r
h

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1956
203
trict Court of the Virgin Islands; in the United States Courts of
Appeals; and in the Supreme Court of the United States; except that
all offenses shall continue to be prosecuted in the District Court of
Guam and in the District Court of the Virgin Islands by information
as heretofore except such as may be required by local law to be prose-
cuted by indictment by grand jury. The rules governing proceedings
after verdict or finding of guilt or plea of guilty apply in the United
States District Court for the District of the Canal Zone.
"RULE 54 (c).
"(c) APPLICATION OF TERMS. As used in these rules the term 'State'
includes District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, territory and insular pos-
session. 'Law' includes statutes and judicial decisions. 'Act of Con-
gress' includes any act of Congress locally applicable to and in force
in the District of Columbia, in Puerto Rico, in a territory or in an
insular possession. 'District court' includes all district courts named
in subdivision (a), paragraph (1) of this rule. 'Civil action' refers
to a civil action in a district court. 'Oath' includes affirmations.
'Attorney for the government' means the Attorney General, an author-
ized assistant of the Attorney General, a United States Attorney, an
authorized assistant of a United States Attorney, and when applicable
to cases arising under the laws of Guam means the Attorney General
of Guam or such other person or persons as may be authorized by the
laws of Guam to act therein. The words 'demurrer,' 'motion to
quash,' 'plea in abatement,' 'plea in bar,' and 'special plea in bar,'
or words to the same effect, in any act of Congress shall be construed
to mean the motion raising a defense or objection provided in Rule 12."
Adjourned until Monday, April 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos. 117
(118, 119, 332, 333, and 334) and 342.
☑
i
^

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Richard Alan Anderson, of Lake Charles, La., Nicholas E. Conley,
of Boston, Mass., Harry Auslander, of Cleveland, Ohio, Malvin
Englander, of Miami Beach, Fla., Irving Sommer, of New York, N. Y.,
Ida G. May, of Boston, Mass., Esther G. Saloman, of Brookline,
Mass., Robert Gray Woolf, of Boston, Mass., William V. Breslin, of
Englewood, N. J., Matthew Steinberg, of Chicago, Ill., and Alice
Emily Miller, of Huntington, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Simon E. Sobeloff; Manuel Louis Port, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; John G. W. Robertson, of New
Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale Boggs; Frank J. V. Gimino,
of Jersey City, N. J., Frederick T. Law, of Kearny, N. J., E. Gioia
Cipriano-Marciano, of Orange, N. J., Samuel L. Marciano, of Ho-
boken, N. J., and Thomas P. Calligy, of Hoboken, N. J. on motion
of Mr. T. James Tumulty: Samuel Blair Ross, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Winchester Kelso, Jr., of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; John P. Campbell,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; Paul
Ziffren, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Philip B. Perlman;
Janna Tucker, of Bradenton, Fla., John Burnam Taylor, of Louis-
ville, Ky., James E. Driver, of Madison, Wis., Robert H. Kinker,
of Frankfort, Ky., George J. Long, of Louisville, Ky., Joseph E.
Rose, of Louisville, Ky., Gerald Robin Griffin, of Lexington, Ky.,
Joseph J. Fitzhenry, Jr., of Webster Groves, Mo., Arthur H. Slonim,
of University City, Mo., Robert L. Sweney, of St. Louis, Mo.,
Daniel Eli Henderson, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., Lucian Montgomery
Ferguson, of Richmond, Va., Sherwood R. Volkman, of St. Louis,
Mo., John Edward Bardgett, Sr., of St. Louis, Mo., Charles N. Good-
man, of St. Louis, Mo., Gordon W. Neilson, of St. Louis, Mo., Lorenz
Joseph Roedl, of Cleveland, Ohio, LeRoy Coyle Brown, of South Bend,
Ind., Merle L. Silverstein, of St. Louis, Mo., John J. Donnelly,
of St. Louis, Mo., Paul Harvey Chavaux, of St. Louis, Mo., and Robert
E. Wieland, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Har-
mon; Robert L. Simpson, of Olympia, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Bert L. Overcash; Q. R. Schulte, of Stanley, N. Dak., on motion
of Mr. Fred J. Fredrickson; Charles D. Marshall, of New Orleans,
360278-56- -58
4
1

205
MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
2781
La., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Eugene M. Jones, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Ernest C. Dickson; Louis A. Reale, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Brown; Thad Tisdale, of
Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; Thomas
J. McDowell, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Almon S. Nelson;
Harold Charles Weitzen, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Roger Martin Dougherty; Bernard Chazen, of Ridgefield, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Francis X. Byrn; James S. Klein, of Trenton, N. J.,
on motion of Miss Elsie Rand; Arthur J. Cerra, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Raymond C. Cushwa; John E. Bailey, of Houston,
Tex., and William F. Erwin, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Joseph Hall Sperry; Ira S. Siegler, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Jerome J. Dick; Robert Lloyd Richardson, Jr., of
Saginaw, Mich., and Timothy M. Green, of St. John, Mich., on mo-
tion of Mr. Milton Carl Denbo; Eugene Stanley Davis, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. William M. Moloney; Louis V. Granger, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Felix A. Russell; William Mc-
Kinley, of White Plains, N. Y., and Vincent Del Tufo, of White
Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James P. Gerety; Roy Finch, Jr.,
of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Robert
Sumner O'Shea, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Franklin M.
Schultz; Edward M. Carmouche, of Lake Charles, La., on motion
of Mr. Jack P. F. Cremillion; Max Fink, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Morris Kanfer; Thomas L. Croft, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Samuel D. McIlwain; Barnett Berr, of Pas-
saic, N. J., on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; Kurt L.
Hanslowe, of Detroit, Mich., and Redmond H. Roche, Jr., of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold Alfred Cranefield; Charles S. Colden,
of Whitestone, N. Y., Lester Holtzman, of New York, N. Y., Edward
Sharf, of Flushing, N. Y., Julius A. Hellenbrand, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
D. Vincent Tuohy, of Brooklyn, N. Y., James A Phillips, Jr., of
Middle Village, N. Y., Samuel A. Goldstein, of Jamaica, N. Y.,
Joseph Michael Wise, of Forest Hills, N. Y., Harvey B. Ehrlich,
of New York, N. Y., Isidore Levine, of New York, N. Y., Paul Philip
Henkel, of Baldwin, N. Y., Joseph Guberman, of New York, N. Y.,
James M. FitzSimons, of New York, N. Y., Charles J. Heaney, of
New York, N. Y., Donald J. White, of Jamaica, N. Y., Edward V.
Walsh, Jr., of Jamaica, N. Y., Glen D. Webster, Jr., of New York,
N. Y., George Jerome Wallace, of Mineola, N. Y., Albert J. Sicree,
of New York, N. Y., John W. Williams, of New York, N. Y., Anthony
M. O'Donnell, of New York, N. Y., Francis X. Smith, of Woodside,
N. Y., Benjamin J. Taruskin, of New York, N. Y., Sidney Howard
Bishop, of Lynbrook, N. Y., George Rifkin, of Belle Harbor, N. Y.,
Eugene Victor, of New York, N. Y., Thomas J. Finnegan, of New
York, N. Y., M. Michael Potoker. of New York, N. Y., Ira J.
,
1

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
206
Lefton, of Jamaica, N. Y., Milton M. Karpel, of Jamaica, N. Y.,
Alvin Leonard Korngold, of Roslyn Heights, N. Y., Joseph Karow,
of New York, N. Y., Nat. H. Hentel, of New York, N. Y., and
Henry Albert, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B.
Groat, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 410. American Airlines, Incorporated, petitioner, v. North
American Airlines, Incorporated, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in the light of the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Reed joins.
No. 227. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, va
Arkansas Oak Flooring Company. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Louisiana. Judgment reversed with costs
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 158. Frozen Food Express, appellant, v. United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 159. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frozen
Food Express et al.;
No. 160. American Trucking Associations et al., appellants, v.
Frozen Food Express et al.; and
No. 161. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Judgment
reversed and cases remanded to the District Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 162. East Texas Motor Freight Lines, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Frozen Food Express, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, et al.;
No. 163. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frozen
Food Express et al.; and
No. 164. Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. Frozen Food Express et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
All

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
207
No. 233. Dixie Carriers, Inc., Coyle Lines, Incorporated, et al., ap-
pellants, v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Texas. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the District Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 95. Judson Griffin and James Crenshaw, petitioners, v. People
of the State of Illinois. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois. Judgment of the Supreme Court of Illinois
vacated and cause remanded to that court for further action not in-
consistent with the next to last paragraph of the opinion and judg-
ment delivered by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins in this disposition of the case. Mr. Justice Black announced the
judgment of the Court and opinion in which The Chief Justice, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark join. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter concurring in the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Harlan join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 134. Clark Squire, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Dis-
trict of Washington, petitioner, v. Horton Capoeman and Emma Ca-
poeman, his wife. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Western District of Wash-
ington. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 511. South Carolina Electric and Gas Company, a Corpora-
tion, appellant, v. Sarah Mae Flemming. Appeal from the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed. Slaker v. O'Connor, 278 U. S. 188.
No. 707. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Helen L. Skiba, Administratrix. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
No. 751. Amere Gas Utilities Company, appellant, v. Public Service
Commission of West Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question.
1

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
208
No. 277, Misc. Joseph Jakalski, petitioner, v. Kenneth J. Carrick,
Clerk. Per Curiam: The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus are
granted. The petition for writ of mandamus is granted and the Clerk
of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is
directed to docket petitioner's appeal.
No. 371, Misc. John Francis Noto, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of
certiorari are granted. The judgment is reversed and the case is re-
manded to the District Court for the entry of an order enlarging peti-
tioner upon bail, pending trial, in the sum of $10,000.
No. 390, Misc. Herbert W. Peters, appellant, v. The State of New
York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. The motion to continue this case to the next
term is denied.
No. 545. In the Matter of the Petition for a Writ of Habeas Corpus
for Harry A. Groban and Nathan Groban, appellants. Further con-
sideration of the question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits. Rule 16 (4). The parties are requested
to discuss in their briefs and oral arguments this Court's jurisdiction
to consider any questions raised by the possible applicability of In re
Murchison, 349 U. S. 133, and In re Oliver, 333 U. S. 257 to the pro-
ceedings involved in this case.
No. 692. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick &
Co., et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motions of Adelaide Neuwirth and Joseph S. Gruss et al. for leave to
join in the jurisdictional statement of Alleghany Corporation are
granted. The motions to advance are denied.
No. 744. United States of America, appellant, v. International
Union United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Implement
Workers of America (UAW-CIO). Appeal from the United States
360278-56-59

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
209
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to advance is denied.
No. 723. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, AFL-CIO, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board and Lannom Manufacturing Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 741. John W. Webb, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 743. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Tom We Shung. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 745. Rayonier Incorporated, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 747. Virgil Herdman, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 749. Arthur A. Arnhold et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 6, Misc. Paul H. Breithaupt, petitioner, v. Morris Abram.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico granted and
case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 662. National Dryer Manufacturing Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. The National Drying Machinery Company; and
No. 729. The National Drying Machinery Company, petitioner, v.
National Dryer Manufacturing Corporation et al. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 706. Everett V. Cooper and George Gale Cooper, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Η

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
210
No. 716. Harry H. Winer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 719. Richfield Oil Corporation, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 724. The State of Texas, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation and Federal Facilities Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 727. Margaret Priest, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 733. Western Maryland Railway Company, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 734. Robert Jules Tatincloux and Roger Georges Guy, peti-
tioners, v. The Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals
denied.
No. 735. W. Ralph Davis et al., Individually and as Officers of
Belle Haven Citizens' Association, a Corporation, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 738. A. A. Brooks, petitioner, v. Jack's Cookie Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 742. Kansas City Southern Railway Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. James H. Cagle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 746. David Nickola and Mary D. Nickola, petitioners, v. United
States Government Post Office Department et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 753. Duluth Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Allied Chemi-
cal & Dye Corporation-Semet Solvay Division. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 762. Charles F. Dally and Sarafrancis Dally, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 767. Andrew J. Easter, petitioner, v. Dwight D. Eisenhower,
་
CEL

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
211
President of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 695. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 755. The Allendale Co. et al., petitioners, v. James P. Mitchell,
Secretary of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied..
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 72. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion for leave to file petition for enlargement of the scope of
review in the order granting certiorari is denied. The petition for
rehearing is also denied. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 343. United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of Amer-
ica (UE), Local 1113, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 557. Poncet Davis, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 581. Ohio Transport, Inc., petitioner, v. Public Utilities Com-
mission of Ohio;
No. 624. The State of Florida, ex rel. Virgil D. Hawkins, petitioner,
v. The Board of Control et al.; and
No. 633. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Ry-
Lock Company, Ltd., a Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 609. Kelley, Glover and Vale, Inc., Trustee, petitioner, v.
McM. Coffing, Trustee, Peter L. Evans, Successor Indenture-Trustee,
et al.; and
No. 472, Misc. Nick Allen Klubnikin, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 116, Misc. Louis E. Wade, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 201, Misc. Vicente Navarrette-Navarrette, petitioner, v. H. R.
Landon, District Director of Immigration, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 342, Misc. Charles Robert Jones, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
as Prison Custodian of the State of Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
10
HI

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
212
No. 366, Misc. Selvie W. Wells, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madigan,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 368, Misc. Charles S. Nelson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 386, Misc. Arthur Warner, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 460, Misc. Jettie I. Biggs, Administratrix of the Estate of Lee
Vester Biggs, Deceased, petitioner, v. Keitt Smith. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 494, Misc. Sara Erickson, Administratrix of the Estate of
Peter Erickson, Deceased, petitioner, v. Manual Machado Medina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 510, Misc. Volney Davis, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 517, Misc. Graham O'Hara, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 523, Misc. Glenn Dale Atkins, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 534, Misc. Peter DiPalermo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 548, Misc. Steve Ratcliff, petitioner, v. Honorable Robert L.
Larson, Judge of the Supreme Court of Iowa. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 554, Misc. Robert Odell Pruitt, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 556, Misc. Everett Wesley Davis, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 560, Misc. Buddy Edmond Spears, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, West Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
IHI

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
213
No. 564, Misc. Charles Woodrow Burns, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 566, Misc. William B. Neal, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois, R. C. Stock, Superintendent, Anna State Hospital, Anna,
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 568, Misc. Anthony Paqua, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 570, Misc. Thomas E. Young and Margaret Rita Young, pe-
titioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 575, Misc. Leo Bentley, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 576, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Henry Oakley,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 580, Misc. Marlin Bland Turner, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 582, Misc. Marvin L. Wilhelm, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 583, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Russell
Moore, petitioner, v. Walter Tees, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 584, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. P. A. Lainson,
Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 586, Misc. Joseph Marnin, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 588, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Charles J.
Dion, petitioner, v. Walter Tees, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 593, Misc. Steve Ratcliff, petitioner, v. State of Iowa et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 595, Misc. Judith Morgan, petitioner, v. Douglass P. Null,
Perry Lichtenstein, Lewis I. Sharp, et al. Petition for writ of certi-

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
214
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 601, Misc. Andrew J. McDonald, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 605, Misc. Clifford V. Jones and Tyrus E. Milton, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 618, Misc. Ernest Edward Lewis, petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Pepersack, Warden, Maryland State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 625, Misc. Joseph Johnson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 628, Misc. Dennis Cronin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 629, Misc. Alvin S. Randall, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 630, Misc. Vernon Carrington, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 633, Misc. Eugene V. Spears, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 637, Misc. Ralph L. Hickox, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 639, Misc. James Bishop Banks, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 288, Misc. Harry C. Steinmetz, petitioner, v. California State
Board of Education, Roy E. Simpson, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should
be granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 608, Misc. John P. Kampmeyer, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 620, Misc. Saul Henry Davis, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
411
FU
IN
"
"
"

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1956
215
No. 626, Misc. Richard N. Gonzalez, petitioner, v. Richard A. Mc-
Gee et al.; and
No. 627, Misc. Carl J. Hall, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 117. The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al.;
No. 118. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 119. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
mison and Secretary of Agriculture, appellants, v. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company et al.;
No. 332. Washington Public Service Commission, Public Utilities
Commissioner of Oregon, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 333. Union Pacific Railroad Company, Chicago and North
Western Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 334. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Frank E. Holman for the Denver and Rio Grande
Western RR. Co., et al., and continued by Mr. Elmer B. Collins for
the Union Pacific RR. Co. et al., by Mr. Robert L. Simpson for the
State of Washington, by Mr. Bert L. Overcash for the State of
Nebraska, and by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the Interstate Com-
merce Comimssion et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 117
(118, 119, 332, 333, and 334), 342, 530, and 555.
Х
14
"

TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1956
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Daniel D. Wozniak, of St. Paul, Minn., Peter S. Popovich, of St.
Paul, Minn., and Robert Earl Short, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Estes Kefauver; J. Wesley Reed, of Altadina, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; Byron Ray Tinsley, of Orange, Tex., and
Frank M. Adams, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Jack B.
Brooks; Nathan J. Kaplan, of Chicago, Ill., and Joseph D. Teitel-
baum, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Mary Mad-
den Persinger, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Warren
Madden; Mark Wilmer, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John
J. Rhodes; Eugene P. Kealy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Mur-
daugh Stuart Madden; Charles M. Conway, of Texarkana, Ark., and
Robert M. Lowe, of Texarkana, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee
Williams; Max Thelen, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Tom Killefer; Benjamin B. Durfee, of Toledo, Ohio, and Lewis P.
Summers III, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan;
William J. Hartrampf, of Atlanta, Ga., and Curtis McCay Cook, of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Edgar Watkins, Jr.; Samuel B. Ross,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leonard J. Emmerglick;
Lyman C. Conger, of Kohler, Wis., and William F. Howe, of Beth-
esda, Md., on motion of Mr. Jerome Powell; John Scyster Throop, Jr.,
of Water Valley, Miss., on motion of Mr. Samuel D. McIlwain; Don-
ald D. Stark, of Corona, Calif., and Edgar Spurgeon Rothrock, of
Corona, Calif., on motion of Mr. Preston B. Kavanagh; Alanson C.
Schwarz, Jr., of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker;
James T. Haynes, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Kenneth Dod-
son Miller; Edward M. Sullivan, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of
Mr. Robert M. Vaughan; and Thomas E. Stanton, Jr., of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Gardiner Johnson, were admitted to
practice.
No. 117. The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al.;
No. 118. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
360278-56--60
"

TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1956
217
No. 119. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, and Secretary of Agriculture, appellants, v. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company et al.;
No. 332. Washington Public Service Commission, Public Utilities
Commissioner of Oregon, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 333. Union Pacific Railroad Company, Chicago and North
Western Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and
Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 334. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane
for the Interstate Commerce Commission et al., by Mr. Frank E.
Holman for Denver & Rio Grande Western RR. Co. et al., and con-
cluded by Mr. Elmer R. Collins for The Union Pacific RR. Co. et al.
Memoranda to come.
No, 342. Blazey Czaplicki, petitioner, v. The Vessel "SS. Hoegh
Silvercloud", Her Boilers, Engines, Tackle, etc., et al. Argued by
Mr. Bernard Chazen for the petitioner and by Mr. James M. Esta-
brook for the respondent, "SS. Hoegh Silvercloud" et al., and by
Mr. Arthur J. Phelan for the respondent, Hamilton Marine Contract-
ing Co.. Inc.
No. 530. United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Imple-
ment Workers of America, etc., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment
Relations Board and Kohler Co., a Wisconsin Corporation. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Kurt L. Hanslowe for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 530,
555, 529, and 92.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1956
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Baron H. Asher, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C.
Davis; Orville B. Entenman, of Papillion, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Roman L. Hruska; Henry Newton Williams, of Dickson, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. John F. Davis; Richard Stuart Weber, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Albert L. Vreeland; Francis Donald Partlan,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Wilmer A. Hill; Eddy Sol Feld-
man, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Harry
Adelman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern; Gay
E. Milius, Jr., of White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. J. Fielding
Jones; Otis Mark Waters, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Simon Fleischman; Irving E. Chenoweth, of Hubbard, Iowa, on
motion of Mr. Austin Leonard Roberts, Jr.; Ann Fagan Ginger, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; John H. Cleary, Jr.,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Theodore Kiendl, Jr.; William
Calvin Hill, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Paul F. Mickey;
Frank L. Seamans, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. John Stephen
Nolan; Harry W. Malm, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Boyle; Chris H. Nanz, of Larchmont, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alanson
C. Schwarz, Jr.; and Gordon Thompson Jeffers, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Frazer Frost Hilder, were admitted to practice.
No. 530. United Automobile, Aircraft, and Agricultural Imple-
ment Workers of America, etc., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment
Relations Board and Kohler Co., a Wisconsin Corporation. Argu-
ment continued by Mrs. Beatrice Lampert for the appellee, Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board, by Mr. Jerome Powell for the appellee,
Kohler Co., and concluded by Mr. Kurt L. Hanslowe for the appellant.
No. 555. Robert V. H. Sugden and Jean S. Sugden, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Mark Wilmer
for the petitioners and by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
360278-56-61

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1956
219
No. 529. Marie DeSylva, petitioner, v. Marie Ballentine, as Guard-
ian of the Estate of Stephen William Ballentine. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Theodore Kiendl for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 529,
92, and 404.
Х
1
raft
1
+2
HOL

220
14°
THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Richard D. Walker, of Fort Worth, Tex., and Edwin T. Phillips,
Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Price Daniel; John P.
Thompson, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon L. Allott;
Charles P. Grahl, of Buffalo Center, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick Bernays Wiener; Louis A. Holmes, of Grand Island, Nebr., on
motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Robert Martin Kilgore, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Robert Barnes Young; Robert Ziemer
Hawkins, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; John J. King,
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Colbert Coldwell McClain;
Robert L. Saloschin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gerald
L. Krassa; Robert R. Boyd, of Clarksville, Va., Charles J. Williams,
of Hillside, N. J., and William J. Bateman, of Akron, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Kenneth H. Tuggle; Claude Carpenter, Jr., of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Eugene B. Cochran, of
Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Edward Mishell
Garlock, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Ferber; and
Mark R. Mohler, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. William
Britton Moore, were admitted to practice.
No. 529. Marie DeSylva, petitioner, v. Marie Ballentine, as Guard-
ian of the Estate of Stephen William Ballentine. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Max Fink for the respondent.
No. 92. Mabel Black and T. Y. Wulff, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Cutter Laboratories, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Joseph Forer
for the petitioners and by Mr. Gardiner Johnson and Mr. Thomas E.
Stanton, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 404. Offutt Housing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
County of Sarpy and Robert M. Eby, Treasurer of County of Sarpy,
Nebraska. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, April 30, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 404, 448,
257, and 621.
Х
360278-56-62
HI4
Th
測

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Abraham S. Wilk, of New York, N. Y., Carrol A. Muccia, of
New York, N. Y., Sol Masch, of New York, N. Y., Philip S. Birnbaum,
of New York, N. Y., James P. Durante, of New York, N. Y., Morris
S. Hirschhorn, of New York, N. Y., Benjamin L. Tenzer, of New
York, N. Y., Aaron E. Nowack, of New York, N. Y., George Nims
Raybin, of New York, N. Y., Pearl A. Merrill, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Irving Frank, of New York, N. Y., David A. Gelber, of Hackensack,
N. J., Milton H. Adler, of New York, N. Y., Alfred H. Adler, of
New York, N. Y., William J. Kramer, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Laurence
Feldman, of New York, N. Y., John Ryder Rose, of Newark, N. J.,
Lester W. Rubin, of New York, N. Y., Martha Gibbell, of New York,
N. Y., Abraham S. Rauch, of New York, N. Y., Morris B. Kessler,
of New York, N. Y., Herman C. Emer, of New York, N. Y., Cornelius
F. Gustav, of New York, N. Y., Sam Leonard Simon, of New York,
N. Y., Jacob Hirsch, of New York, N. Y., Robert Bershad, of
New York, N. Y., Jacob I. Lefkowitz, of New York, N. Y., Jerome
S. Heller, of New York, N. Y., Nathan G. Krasner, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Sidney C. Winton, of New York, N. Y., Morton Birnbaum, of
New York, N. Y., Morris Lifschitz, of New York, N. Y., Hyman
Lifschitz, of New York, N. Y., Henry Creidy, of New York, N. Y.,
Abraham Markhoff, of New York, N. Y., Philip S. Garozzo, of New
York, N. Y., Jay J. Lehrman, of New York, N. Y., Abraham
Schatzman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Ascher Katz, of New York, N. Y.,
Milton M. Rosenberg, of New York, N. Y., Alexander Berley, of
New York, N. Y., David O. Kuh, of New York, N. Y., Frank W.
Porcaro, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Eleonore Beth, of New York, N. Y.,
Hazel B. Mack, of New York, N. Y., Eugene O. Cobert, of New York,
N. Y., Julius J. Venusti, of New York, N. Y., John J. Gussak, of
New York, N. Y., Herman Weinkrantz, of New York, N. Y., Hyman
Bravin, of New York, N. Y., Ralph T. Masters, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
J. Norman Lewis, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Dale, of Prentiss, Miss.,
Albert B. Luckey, Jr., of Miami Beach, Fla., Eugene W. Sulzberger,
of Miami Beach, Fla., and Earl R. Wilson, of Prentiss, Miss., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; A. J. Folley, of
360278-56--63

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
222
Amarillo, Tex., and Vester T. Hughes, Jr., of Mertzon, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Price Daniel; Ralph L. Loeb, of Beverly Hills, Calif.,
and Samuel Dean Robbins, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Patrick J. Hillings; Louis Damarin Bannon, of Portsmouth,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Jenkins; Robert Murray Sum-
mitt, of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. James B. Frazier, Jr.;
Reinhart L. Gideon, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Thomas
J. Dodd, Jr.; Norman King Parsells, of Fairfield, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Fraser Frost Hilder; Leonard S. Saxe, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian; John W. Vardaman, of An-
niston, Ala., on motion of Mr. Merton Roland Nachman, Jr.; Wiley
H. Higuchi, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas Tomokazu
Kawahara; Dean Laurence, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. John
S. Roberts, Jr.; William D. Eberle, of Boise, Idaho, on motion of
Mr. Carl Layton Shipley; Thomas C. Perkins, of Sacramento, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Clifton Hildebrand; Mamoru Sakuma, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Nathaniel S. Colley; Floyd Charles
Crow, of Hope, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams, Jr.;
Ernest Harley Cox, Jr., of Prescott, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin
D. Dupree, Jr.; William Ernest Christen, of Kansas City, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Richard H. Brown; Clifton B. Carter, of Fort Worth,
Tex., on motion of Mr. John Grindle, Jr.; Louis L. Phelps, of San
Francisco, Calif., Theodore Voorhees, of Philadelphia, Pa., and
Gordon W. Gerber, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Arthur
B. Dunne; Robert H. Cooke, of Burbank, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Arthur J. Dixon; Joseph P. Fallon, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Lambert O'Donnell; Burroughs Borgan Anderson,
of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. C. Frank Reifsnyder; C. Edward
Dahlin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert Meade Gray;
Harry C. Mabry, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. David
Walker Richmond; James Lawrence Purcell, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Franklin M. Schultz; William L. Brach, of Newark,
N. J., and Robert D. Greenburg, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Henry Geller; Theodore Crowell, of Tulsa, Okla., William
Howard O'Bryan, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla., Gerald N. Wilson,
of Oklahom City, Okla., James Stuart Tunnell, of Houston, Tex.,
Raymond L. Britton, of Houston, Tex., Omar Don Crites, Jr., of
Houston, Tex., William R. Archer, Jr., of Houston, Tex., Lee Preston
Ward, Jr., of Houston, Tex., Harry Mims McMillan, of Bristow,
Okla., Tony Jack Lyons, of Pryor, Okla., Alvin Boyd, of Dallas,
Tex., Jack Holt, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., Richard M. Hart, of Little
Rock, Ark., William V. Counts, of Dallas, Tex., Landon T. Carlson,
of Dallas, Tex., Decatur J. Holcombe III, of Houston, Tex., Lewis
A. Schiller, of Houston, Tex., Harold M. Schultz, Jr., of Tulsa,
"
ག་ ་ . །
1.
1
M

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
223
Okla., and Gene C. Howard, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon; Samuel M. Goodman, of Newark, N. J.,
Samuel F. Shatz, of Cedar Grove, N. J., Ernest C. Gerardo, of
Orange, N. J., Louis Weiss, of Newark, N. J., Albert L. Cohen, of
Montclair, N. J., John F. Woods, Jr., of Lyndhurst, N. J., Harry
J. Coleman, of Irvington, N. J., James E. Abrams, of Newark, N. J.,
Ferdinand J. Biunno, of Newark, N. J., Bando J. Caruso, of Mont-
clair, N. J., Edward G. Gerardo, of Orange, N. J., Carl F. Barbato,
of Montclair, N. J., John M. Saccone, of Newark, N. J., Anthony
E. Russo, of Union, N. J., Paul Policastro, of Newark, N. J., Harry
A. Pine, of Newark, N. J., Max Klayman, of Newark, N. J., Irving
H. Hellman, of Newark, N. J., Bertram C. Bland, of Newark, N. J.,
Maurice H. Pressler, of Newark, N. J., and Joseph P. Piscopo, of
Bloomfield, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; and Robert
B. Gaston, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John B. Murphy,
were admitted to practice.
No. 60. Louis Berra, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 48. Communist Party of the United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals with directions to remand to the Subversive Activities Control
Board for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Clark in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
No. 250. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The
Babcock and Wilcox Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 251. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Seamprufe,
Inc. (Holdenville Plant). On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 422. Ranco, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgments in Nos. 250 and 251
affirmed. Judgment in No. 422 reversed and case remanded to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
4.
".

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
224
Reed. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases.
No. 213. United States of America, petitioner, v. Ettore Zucca, also
known as Mario Sarni, also known as Ettore Sarni Zucca. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark
in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 555. Robert V. H. Sugden and Jean S. Sugden, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam:
The judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 731. Long Beach Federal Savings and Loan Association et al.,
appellants, v. Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco et al.
☐ Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 757. Peter Antonio and Virginia F. Antonio, appellants, v.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts; and
No. 758. Massachusetts Chiropractic Laymen's Association, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. George Fingold, Attorney General of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Ju-
dicial Court of Massachusetts. Per Curiam: The appeals are dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 345. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local 438, Liberty Asso-
ciation of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers Association,
etc., et al. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
is denied.
No. 752. United States of America for the Benefit and on behalf
of Harry Sherman et al., petitioners, v. Donald G. Carter, Individu-
ally, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
No. 760. Jose Soriano, petitioner, v. The United States.
225
Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 750. Elly Swaab Behrens, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 754. O. K. Armstrong, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 759. Joe McMullans, M. R. Edwards and E. W. Pate, peti-
tioners, v. Kansas, Oklahoma and Gulf Railway Company, Incorpo-
rated, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Marco Reginelli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 766. Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation, a Wisconsin Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Albert S. Johann. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 770. Beaumont Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Enterprise Company and Federal Communications Commission. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 776. Roscoe Wagner, d/b/a Wagner Transportation Company,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 778. Leo Potishman, Julian Scott, Transit Grain Company and
Charles J. Winters, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 787. Cordell Hull McPeak, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 799. Clint W. Murchison, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Mark Dot-
tenheim. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 658. North American Aircoach Systems, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. North American Aviation, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
14

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
226
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 765. City and County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corpora-
tion, et al., petitioners, v. Trans World Airlines, Inc., a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 748. Tankport Terminals, Inc., petitioner, v. Wills Lines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus is also denied.
No. 611. Mallonee, Bucklin and Fergus, Shareholders' Protective
Committee, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Home Loan Bank of San
Francisco et al.;
No. 69, Misc. Raymond Norman, petitioner, v. State of New York;
No. 329, Misc. Donald Bryce Lawrence, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California; and
No. 557, Misc. John Collins, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of California State Prison at Folsom. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 538, Misc. Fred Kinnie, alias Fred Watts, petitioner, v. The
State of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 571, Misc. Joseph R. Ramberg, petitioner, v. Warden of Mary-
land House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 606, Misc. William Bell, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 612, Misc. Joe French, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ments in the cases listed for hearing this week.

'
MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1956
ORDER
227
14
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 7, until Monday,
May 14, next.
No. 404. Offutt Housing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
County of Sarpy and Robert M. Eby, Treasurer of County of Sarpy,
Nebraska. Argument continued by Mr. Dixon G. Adams and Mr.
Orville Entenman for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the petitioner.
No. 448. United States of America, appellant, v. McKesson and
Robbins, Incorporated. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the
appellant and by Mr. John P. McGrath for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 257, 621,
323, and 451.
A

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1956
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Albert D. Crenshaw, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas. C. Davis;
Kenneth N. Sanborn, of Mount Clemens, Mich., and Frank E. Howard,
of Mount Clemens, Mich., on motion of Mr. Jesse P. Wolcott; Ovid J.
Colalillo, of Orange, N. J., and Sam E. Goldner, of Orange, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Peter W. Rodino, Jr.; Ernest D. Grinnell, Jr., of St.
Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. James T. Lyon; Peter P. Price, of Grand
Rapids, Mich., on motion of Mr. Oscar W. Giesi; Justin R. Wolf, of
Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Connor; Alfred W. New-
man, of Vallejo, Calif., on motion of Mr. John I. Appell; Robert
Feinerman, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Henry P.
Chandler; Walter T. Skallerup, Jr., of McLean, Va., on motion of
Mr. Bennett Boskey; Felix E. Cristofane, of Bladensburg, Md., on
motion of Mr. John M. Lynham; Glenn Hunter, of Morgantown, W.
Va., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Albert Schlefer, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., and Harry Krauss, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Louis J. Altkrug; and William Young Akerman, of Orlando,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Matthew Hale, were admitted to practice.
No. 257. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Charles M. Gileo
et al. Argued by Mr. Arthur B. Dunne for the petitioner, by Mr.
Clifton Hildebrand for respondents Gileo and Eelk, by Mr. Thomas
C. Perkins for respondent Eufrazia, and by Mr. Nathaniel S. Cooley
for the respondents Moreno and Aranda.
No. 621. Martha C. Reed, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Joseph S. Lord III for the petitioner and
by Mr. Theodore Voorhees for the respondent.
No. 323. United States of America, ex rel. David Darcy, petitioner,
v. Earl D. Handy, Warden of Bucks County Prison, et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Charles J. Margiotti for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Frank P. Lawley, Jr., for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 323,
451, 643, 704, and 503.
Х

WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1956
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
,
James Arthur Powers, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter
Norblad; Aaron H. Priebe, of Highland Park, Mich., Thomas Owen
Roberts, of Brookhaven, Miss., and David M. Anderson, Jr., of Ray-
mond, Miss., on motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; John Daven-
port, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Ben Shepperd; C. George
Niebank, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Jonathan C. Gibson;
Stafford E. Andrews, of Houston, Tex., and Charles R. Cravens, Jr.,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Cyrus Pfeiffer Trowbridge;
Ralph Herman Deckelbaum, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Bernard Margolius; Lester E. Barrett, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Donald J. Foulis; and John Caughlan, of Seattle, Wash., on
motion of Mr. Joseph A. Fanelli, were admitted to practice.
No. 323. United States of America, ex rel. David Darcy, petitioner,
v. Earl D. Handy, Warden of Bucks County Prison, et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Frank P. Lawley, Jr. for the respondents and con-
cluded by Mr. Charles J. Margiotti for the petitioner.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. Argued by Mr. Lester P. Schoene for the
appellants, by Mr. Edson Smith for the appellees and by Mr. Robert
A. Nelson for the State of Nebraska, amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court.
No. 643. Paul Deemer Johnston and John Sokol, petitioners, v.
United States of America; and
No. 704. United States of America, petitioner, v. Dudley A. Patte-
son. Argument commenced by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for John-
ston et al., and continued by Mr. Carl H. Imlay for the United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 3, will be as follows: Nos. 643,
704, 503, and 701 (and 713).
×
360278-56– -65

THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1956
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Mary E. Waters, of Los Angeles, Calif., Thomas J. Cunningham,
of Berkeley, Calif., Frank Joseph Waters, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Robert Argyle Keller, of San Marino, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stan-
ley N. Barnes; Clement J. Murphy, of Riverton, Wyo., on motion of
Mr. Frank A. Barrett; Adam Richmond, of Bethesda, Md., and John
T. Fey, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener; Herbert Bass, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Oscar
H. Davis; Augustin M. Prentiss, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of
Mr. James Austin Stone; James C. Sweeney, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Robert Allen McGinnis; Gordon McLean Callow,
of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Charlie H. Johns, Jr.; Donald K.
King, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. William R. Kearney; Gil-
bert L. Klein, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Thomas E.
Shroyer; Thomas N. Dowd, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Vernon C. Kohlhaas; James B. Magnor, of New York, N. Y., Mat-
thew L. Danahar, of New York, N. Y., and Elmer C. Maddy, Jr., of
New York, on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
No. 643. Paul Deemer Johnston and John Sokol, petitioners, v.
United States of America; and
No. 704. United States of America, petitioner, v. Dudley A. Patte-
son. Argument continued by Mr. Carl H. Imlay for the United
States and concluded by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for Johnston et al.
No. 503. Cecil Reginald Jay, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argued by Mr.
Will Maslow and Mr. John Caughlan for the petitioner and by Mr.
John V. Lindsay for the respondent.
No. 701. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the District of Columbia
Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert; and
360278-56- -66

THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1956
231
No. 713. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Federal Reformatory for
Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner, v. Walter Krueger.
Argued by Mr. Marvin E. Frankel for the appellant in No. 701 and
petitioner in No. 713 and by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the
appellee in No. 701 and respondent in No. 713.
Adjourned until Monday, May 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
1

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
232
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
John S. Samson, of Omaha, Nebr., Harry J. Ragen, of San Diego,
Calif., Meyer Rothwacks, of Passaic, N. J., Kevin T. Maroney, of
Washington, D. C., Thomas K. Hall, of New York, N. Y., William
F. O'Donnell III, of Washington, D. C., Genevieve H. Penning-
ton, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Richard H. Pennington, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Clifford
R. Hope, of Garden City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert
Rees; Vincent A. Ross, of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Frank
A. Barrettt; Lewis J. Bicking, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Page
Belcher; Robert Bugdanowitz, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Byron G. Rogers; Charles F. Prael, of San Francisco, Calif., William
L. Diedrich, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., and Robert W. Morrison,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Louis
E. Barden, of Detroit, Mich., Ben Z. Nudelman, of Chicago, Ill., and
Henry S. Smulevitz, of East Chicago, Ind., on motion of Mr. Archie
H. Cohen; Dale Alan Wright, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Harry J. Lippman; Edward Rothman, of New York, N. Y., and
Alfred Geza Graf, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Earl M.
Dollak; William Holmes Cook, of Carbondale, Ill., on motion of Mr.
John W. Gwynne; Maxwell P. Keith, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert L. Randall; Alfred M. Klein, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Plato Ernest Papp; Harry A. Mazzera, of
Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr. Garrett Fuller; Samuel Morgan,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Martin Warren Bell; Charles David
Maley, of Highland Park, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shat-
tuck; Waller Taylor II, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Atherton Macon-
drey Phleger of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Herman H.
Phleger; William Dohrmann Evers, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Chauncey Robbins, of Houlton,
Maine, on motion of Mr. Fred C. Scribner, Jr.; Harry Phillip Jarvis,
of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; William Kay,
of Milwaukee, Wis., and Paul L. Moskowitz, of Milwaukee, Wis., on
motion of Mr. Solomon Dimond; Raymond A. Rodeno, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Albert E. Reitzel; and Albert O. Scafuro, of
Allendale, N. J., on motion of Mr. Carl Layton Shipley, were admitted
to practice.
360278-56-67

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
233
No. 231. Bill Hatahley et al., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. That part of the judgment of the Court of Appeals
dissolving the injunction is affirmed. The remainder of the judgment
is reversed with costs and the case is remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Utah for proceedings not inconsis-
tent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 383. General Box Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisi-
ana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Harlan concurs.
No. 486. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truitt
Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of Court of
Appeals reversed and case remanded to that court for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in part and
dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan
join.
No. 380. Edwin B. Covey, Committee of the Person and Property
of Nora Brainard, an Incompetent, appellant, v. Town of Somers.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Court of Appeals
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion of Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 721. Southern Kansas Greyhound Lines, Inc., appellant, v.
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Missouri. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed.
No. 732. The Board of the Black River Regulating District, appel-
ant, v. Adirondack League Club. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of New York. Per Curiam: The Motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed on the ground that the judgment rests on an
adequate non-federal basis. Rule 16 (b) of the rules of this Court.

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
234
No. 779. Sigmund Reiss, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Appeal from the County Court of the County of Nassau,
New York. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would note probable jurisdiction.
No. 731. Long Beach Federal Savings and Loan Association et al.,
appellants, v. Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco et al. The
order entered in this case on April 30, 1956, is amended to read as
follows: "The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction."
No. 728. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, Local No. 427, AFL, et al., petitioners, v. Fairlawn
Meats, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio granted and case transferred to the summary calendar. The
Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case on behalf of the
National Labor Relations Board.
No. 785. San Diego Building Trades Council et al., petitioners, v.
J. S. Garmon et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case
on behalf of the National Labor Relations Board.
'
1.
יין
No. 492. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Monsanto
Chemical Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 720. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
Great Northern Railway Company, Northern Pacific Railway Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster Gen-
eral of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 722. Wesley Coffman, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 763. Paul M. Brophy, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 768. Dean Liakas, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 769. Wayne Hugh Easley Trust, W. H. Easley, Trustee, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
235
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 777. Board of Supervisors of Louisiana State University and
Agricultural and Mechanical College, et al., petitioners, v. Alexander
P. Tureaud, Jr., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 780. David Klapholz and Paula Klapholz, petitioners, va
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 781. Sidney Sarner et al., petitioners, v. Norman P. Mason,
Commissioner of the Federal Housing Administration, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 783. Harold Thomas Hermansen, alias Ford Hermansen, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 784. Peter Corrado, also known as Pietro Corrado, petitioner,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 786. E. D. Woodlock et al., petitioners, v. City of Abilene.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Eleventh Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 788. Sture V. Sigfred, petitioner, v. Pan American World
Airways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 789. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam Kelly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 792. Union Producing Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 796. Mary and George H. Brasier, petitioners, v. United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 803. Mrs. Katie Lyons Byrd, petitioner, v. The Napoleon
Avenue Ferry Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 805. Dulien Steel Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Elbert B. Con-
nell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 810. Patricia Thurnau, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Philip George Thurnau, Deceased, petitioner, v. Alcoa Steamship

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
236
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 825. Philco Television Broadcasting Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Albert Ettore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 839. The Board of County Commissioners of Wyandotte
County, Kansas, petitioner, v. William J. Howard, Inc., a Corpora-
tion Organized under the Laws of the State of Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 496. National Lawyers Guild, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 782. William O. Royalty, George Slaughter, et al., petitioners,
v. Harry Chucales et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 201. David Hyun, petitioner, v. Herman R. Landon, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 248. Hamish Scott MacKay, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, Dis-
trict Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service, United
States Department of Justice, and Roy J. Norene. The motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 505. Joel A. Maloy, petitioner, v. City of Mulberry, a Munici-
pal Corporation. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 58. William Ludwig Ullmann, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 316. The Raymond Bag Company, appellant, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commisioner of Ohio;
No. 523. Joan Greenway Collins, Widow, et al., petitioners, v.
American Buslines, Inc., Respondent Employer, et al.;
No. 672. The Balian Ice Cream Co., Inc., a Corporation, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Arden Farms Co., a Corporation, et al.;
No. 683. Louise McGrew Moffett, as an Individual and Executrix
of the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commerce
Trust Company, a Corporation;
No. 12, Misc. Ralph J. Bindrim, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1956
237
No. 400, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. Carlton Hayward, Louis
Levine, Leo A. Rover, et al.;
No. 431, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, appellant, v. Board of Educa-
tion of Florida;
No. 550, Misc. Joseph W. DiSilvestro, petitioner, v. United States
Veterans Administration et al.;
No. 602, Misc. Lonnie Brinkley, petitioner, v. The State of Texas;
and
No. 624, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 552, Misc. Dykes Askew Simmons, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 664, Misc. Earl A. Brogan, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pa. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 674, Misc. Robert Lee Braden, petitioner, v. The State of Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
ORDER
The Clerk is authorized to transfer to the National Archives the
manuscript records and miscellaneous papers filed in cases docketed
in this Court up to the year 1832.
Adjourned until Monday, May 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
1
H

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1956
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Har-
lan.
Lyman Brownfield, of Columbus, Ohio, and Everett Burdette
Boileau, of Pomona, Calif., on motion of Mr. Vice President Richard
M. Nixon; Jacob D. Fuchsberg, of New York, N. Y., Arnold William-
son, Jr., of East Providence, R. I., Robert B. Wolf, of Philadelphia,
Pa., Werner Goldman, of Syracuse, N. Y., John R. Marshall, of Nor-
wich, N. Y., and Samuel H. Holland, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Leonard W. Pipkin, Jr., of
Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Lauris George
Petersen, of Winona, Minn., on motion of Mr. August H. Andresen;
Arthur E. Abney, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. L. Welch
Pogue; Gladys Irene White, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Matthew
Hale; Charles S. Harley, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. F.
Norrell; Walter B. Fincher, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John
Wilson Ellis; Russell Kruppenbacher, of Ridgewood, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; William J. Ball, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Louis J. Lefkowitz, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John V. Lindsay; Earl A. Everett,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William B. Barton; William
V. Chappell, Jr., of Ocala, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden;
Jacob Leonhard Bernheim, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Miss
Helen F. Humphrey; James Neumann Lafferty, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur P. Drury; Joe Day, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Fritz G. Lanham; George F. Wood, of Mobile,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Warren W. Grimes; Jerome Strauss, of Park
Forest, Ill., on motion of Mr. Laurence A. Kusek; Richard Lipsitz,
of Buffalo, N. Y., and John Silard, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.; Dale I. Stoops, of Oakland, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Philip Redmond Monahan; John L. Roach, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Austin Leonard Roberts, Jr.; Lawrence Arnold
Bernstein, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solomon Dimond;
Thomas J. O'Connell, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Ross
O'Donoghue; Wayne E. Babler, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Stephen H. Fletcher; Harvey W. Peters, of Milwaukee, Wis., on
motion of Mr. Joseph E. McAndrews; Kingdon Gould, Jr., of Laurel,
360278-56-
-68

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1956
239
Md., on motion of Mr. Guy R. Martin; Jack J. Schumacher, of Sha-
wano, Wis., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Robert J.
Webb, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Frederick S. Hill; J. Leo
McCormick, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Cerra;
and Jay A. Schiller, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Jay Arthur
Schiller, were admitted to practice.
No. 436. Raymond G. Cahill, petitioner, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Motion of
respondent to recall and amend the judgment of this Court in this case
is granted. It is ordered that the certified copy of the judgment sent
to the District Court be recalled and that the judgment be amended
so as to provide for a remand of the cause to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit for further proceedings. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 802. Union Oil Company of California, a Corporation, appel-
lant, v. The People of the State of California. Appeal from the Appel-
late Department of the Superior Court in and for the County of Los
Angeles of California. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to file brief
of Air Pollution Control Association, as amicus curiae, is denied. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question.
No. 599, Misc. Joseph H. Whitley, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land House of Correction. Appeal from and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Per Curiam: The ap-
peal is dismissed and the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 48. Communist Party of the United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. The motion of the
respondent to issue the mandate forthwith is granted.
No. 664. Orlando Delli Paoli, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is granted.
**
47

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1956
240
No. 636. Gerald D. Nelson et al., as Successor Trustees Under the
Will of William Nelson, Deceased, and Helen D. Moller, appellants, v.
The City of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New
York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 821. Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brotherhood of
Railroad Trainmen, petitioners, v. N. P. Rychlik, Individually and on
behalf of and as Representative of Other Employees of the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The Solicitor Gen-
eral is invited to file a brief, as amicus curiae.
No. 772. Nevada-Pacific Development Corporation et al., petition-
ers, v. Harley W. Gustin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 797. Lindsay B. Shafer, Lewis Shafer, Joseph Shafer, and
Lewis Shafer, Sr., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 798. Clyde Stone and wife Ruby Stone, and John Ed Stone
and wife Mary Stone, Interested Parties, petitioners, v. Joe D. Huff-
stutler, Referee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 806. Paul Edward Rowton, Charles Freelan Wheeler, and
Reuben Jones Stepp, petitioners, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 807. Orval Care, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 812. John Sincerbeaux, petitioner, v. Frank T. Hanlon, Com-
missioner of Public Safety of the City of White Plains, New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 813. Clarence I. Justheim et al., petitioners, v. Douglas McKay,
Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 814. Ernest P. Wilson, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
A
¡
"

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1956
241
No. 815. Donald C. Barnes, Trustee in Dissolution for Engineers
Public Service Company, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 823. Ryan Consolidated Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, va
W. L. Pickens et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied.
No. 892. William F. Adams, petitioner, v. Autherine J. Lucy and
Polly Anne Myers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 691. United States of America, petitioner, v. Umberto Anas-
tasio, also known as Albert Anastasia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 811. Fay M. Whitsell, petitioner, v. Ernest B. Alexander et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 682. Covington Mills, Alabama Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, et al. Petition for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 10. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Steve
Nelson;
No. 278. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Budd, Jr., and Florence
W. Budd, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. T. Budd, Jr., and
Company, et al.;
No. 637. John D. Myers, petitioner, v. John B. Hollister, Director,
International Cooperation Administration, et al.;
No. 667. Tractor Training Service, a Corporation, et al., petition-
ers, v. Federal Trade Commission;
No. 697. Oscar L. Grant et al., petitioners, v. Ezra Taft Benson,
Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al.; and
No. 459, Misc. George Sessions, Jr., petitioner, v. Wyndham Man-
ning, Sr., Superintendent. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 466, Misc. John Hooks, petitioner, v. William H. Hardwick,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1956
242
No. 578, Misc. Edward J. Konetzke, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 591, Misc. Ernest M. Friesen, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 603, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden of the Menard Branch of the Illinois State Penitentiary at
Menard, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Lee County, Illinois, denied.
No. 609, Misc. Clifton Blakeney, petitioner, v. The State of Missis-
sippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
sissippi denied.
No. 614, Misc. Robert Marion Boykin, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System, Huntsville, Texas, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 632, Misc. Clyde Roosa, alias John Jones, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 654, Misc. Elesano Troiani, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 658, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Basil Bang-
hart, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Peniten-
tiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 558, Misc. Fernando Hernandez Solsona, petitioner, v. C. H.
Looney, Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas;
No. 572, Misc. Johnnie Alvarez, petitioner, v. William F. Steiner,
Warden of Maryland House of Correction;
No. 581, Misc. Robert Anderson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California; and
No. 649, Misc. Earl L. Jordan, petitioner, v. Commissioners of
New York State Parole Board and Walter B. Martin, Warden of
Attica Prison, Attica, New York. Motions for leave to file petitions
for writs of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 21, next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
243
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Clovis Auteene Brown, of Galveston, Tex., Edgar Foy Norton II, of
Austin, Tex., and Robert H. Amidon, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Price Daniel; Joseph Fishberg, of Trenton, N. J., and Nathan
Nelson Schildkraut, of Trenton, N. J., on motion of Mr. Frank
Thompson, Jr.; Clarence L. Young, of Lovelock, Nev., on motion of
Mr. Clarence Clifton Young; James Ellsworth Noland, of Indianapo-
lis, Ind., and Raymond W. Hilgedag, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Ray J. Madden; Margaret Scottino Fenton, of Dallas, Tex.,
and Edmund Dinis, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr. Elmore
Whitehurst; Milton A. Melville, of Fillmore, Utah, on motion of Mr.
William A. Dawson; Harold M. Street, of Muskegon, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Louis George Meader; Irvin H. Yackness, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Joseph B. McGrath; Kenneth Edward Peery,
of Emporia, Kans., on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert Rees; Davis
Grant, of Bryan, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Andrew
Grant Conlyn, of Washington, D. C., and C. Marvin Ward., Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Chester H. Gray; Charles Har-
rison Weintraub, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Jacob I.
Karro; Harold F. Porter, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Theodore Ellenbogen; Eleanor Uris, of New York, N. Y., and Ralph
Ober, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob Padawer; Ben C.
Cohen, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller;
Julian B. Wilkins, of Chicago Ill., on motion of Mr. J. Ernest Wil-
kins; H. Lee Kanter, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Elliott H.
Moyer; Robert S. Rody, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert
Thomas Bryan, Jr.; Joseph P. Sullivan, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Homer R. Miller; Vermont Hatch, of New York, N. Y.,
Nicholas Atlas, of New York, N. Y., Oscar L. Dumford, of Bethel,
Ohio, Jac M. Wolff, of New York, N. Y., George Clinton Fogwell, Jr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Alan J. Swotes, of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Robert A. Bridges, of Washington,
D. C., and Melvin L. Rowland, of Jackson, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
James R. Billingsley; John Joseph Dempsey, Jr., of Wilkes-Barre,
Pa., on motion of Mr. George Morris Fay; Victor H. Blanc, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Philip Werner Amram; Allen S. Pierce,
360278-56--69
"
"
・お
the
"
1
"

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
244
of Chicago, Ill., and Morris Goldman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Jerome Harvey Simonds; Harry I. Young, of St. Petersburg, Fla.,
and Frank D. McDevitt, of St. Petersburg, Fla., on motion of Mr.
James R. Golden; Raymond Lester Hanson, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Michael Francis Xavier Dolan; Samuel L. Zeligson,
of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Jerome J. Dick; Carol Cox, of
Waynesboro, Ga., on motion of Miss Sylvia S. Ellison; Thomas P. Mc-
Mahon, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David E. Feller; Frederic
T. Suss, of Springfield, Mass., on motion of Mr. Harlan L. Kays, Jr.;
Gilbert LeRoy Duckworth, Jr., of Renton, Wash., and Charles Patrick
Moriarty, Jr., of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Ira S. Siegler;
Moise S. Steeg, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Norman J.
Morrisson; Richard D. Shewmaker, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Joseph J. Smith, Jr.; Francis Smith, of St. Joseph, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Richard H. Brown; Mary Jane Karem, of Louisville, Ky., and
Fred J. Karem, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. M. H. Thatcher;
John Milton Flatten, of Lincoln, Nebr., and August C. Carlson, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Kurt
Wellisch, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Rolland G. Lamensdorf;
Thomas Price Littlepage, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Walter E. Barton; Milton Mollen, of New York, N. Y., and
John V. Connorton, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Peter
Campbell Brown; Kent P. Kratz, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
William H. Cooke; Bernal E. Dobell, of Oakland, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Arthur B. Hanson; Emmett E. Tucker, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Elisha Hanson; Donald Colt Fitch, Jr., of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Frederick A. Ballard; and Julius Block, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., Henry Anton Slaughter, of New York, N. Y., Charles
N. Aicher, of New York, N. Y., James C. Moffett, of New York, N. Y.,
Kenneth W. O'Hare, of New York, N. Y., William J. Trenkle, of
Jamaica, N. Y., John Baehr, of New York, N. Y., Jacob Friedland,
of Maspeth, N. Y., James Vincent Masone, of Maspeth, N. Y., John
Timothy Landers, of Maspeth, N. Y., Herbert Prosper Giorgio, of
Locust Valley, N. Y., Paul Joachim, of Jamaica, N. Y., Adam Christ-
mann, of Hempstead, N. Y., George J. Schneider, of Glendale, N. Y.,
Henry Locke, of Ridgewood, N. Y., John N. Mollica, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Leonard J. Mazzarisi, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Peter D. Visco, of
Elmhurst, N. Y., Otto M. Gabler, of Ridgewood, N. Y., Robert J.
Gabler, of Ridgewood, N. Y., Benjamin H. Fischler, of Jamaica,
N. Y., Arthur E. McGrother, of Flushing, N. Y., Lester C. Ringe, of
Ridgewood, N. Y., Gabriel Slovak, of Ridgewood, N. Y., Gerald T.
Grady, of Jamaica, N. Y., Elliott Klein, of Ridgewood, N. Y., Robert
S. Joachim, of Jamaica, N. Y., Albert A. Lustig, of New York, N. Y.,
John Kikel, of Ridgewood, N. Y., Jeremiah J. Sullivan, of Ridge-
wood, N. Y., William A. Schauer, of Ridgewood, N. Y., and Jacob

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
245
Leiman, of Maspeth, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William Koch, were
admitted to practice.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Nebraska for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 94. United States of America and Federal Communications
Commission, petitioners, v. Storer Broadcasting Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan con-
curring in part and dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter.
No. 643. Paul Deemer Johnston and John Sokol, petitioners, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 704. United States of America, petitioner, v. Dudley A. Pat-
teson. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment in No. 643 affirmed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania. Judgment in No. 704 reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Kansas for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 693. William J. Kraus, a Taxpayer on behalf of the City of
Cleveland, appellant, v. City of Cleveland et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to file
brief of the Christian Science Board of Directors, as amicus curiae,
is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 694. Saxony Construction Company, appellant, v. Board of
Supervisors of Marple Township. Appeal from the Court of Quar-

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
246
ter Sessions of Delaware County of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 207, Misc. Robert Arthur Chick, appellant, v. State of Texas.
Appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Per Curiam:
The appeal is dismissed and the motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 827. Albert Roviaro, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 831. Henry Ferguson, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 244. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia granted. In addition to the merits, counsel are invited to con-
sider, in their briefs and upon oral argument, the following questions
relating to the jurisdiction of this Court:
(1) Were petitioner's claims under the United States Constitution
duly raised before the Supreme Court of California?
(2) Was the Supreme Court of California's denial of a petition
for a writ of review merely a refusal by that court to exercise its
discretionary jurisdiction or is it to be deemed a disposition, "in the
nature of a review," Salot v. State Bar, 3 Cal. 2d 615, 617, and as such
a final judgment within the meaning of 28 U. S. C., § 1257?
(3) Assuming the latter, was the determination of the Supreme
Court of California based upon a rejection of claims arising under
the 14th amendment of the Constitution of the United States, and
more particularly, upon an evaluation of the constitutional signifi-
cance of the evidence summarized under "1" on page 5 through the
top of page 8 of the brief filed by the respondents on December 8,
1955, in opposition to the petition for the writ of certiorari herein?
No. 761. Olin Mathieson Chemical Corporation, a Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. The Western States Cutlery and Manufacturing Company,
Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 817. Roy Dixon, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
247
No. 819. Knudsen Creamery Co. of California, petitioner, v. John
Oosten. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 820. Lillian V. Robinson, as Administratrix of the Goods,
Chattels, and Credits of Frank Wallis Robinson, Deceased, petitioner,
v. Northeastern Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 822. The Martin Brothers Box Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Interstate Commerce Commission and Southern Pacific
Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 824. Buck Wilcoxson, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 828. Myrtle Fannin, Administratrix of the Estate of Zeb
Fannin, Deceased, petitioner, v. Honorable Paul Jones, Judge of the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio,
Eastern Division. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 829. Clarence P. Berkihiser, petitioner, v. Honorable Paul
Jones, Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Ohio, Eastern Division. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Philip F. Boynton, petitioner, v. Rea Forhan Pedrick, as
Administratrix of the Estate of William J. Pedrick, Deceased, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 832. Sidney Stein, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 833. Glenn Jones, Trustee of Independent Plow, Inc., Bank-
rupt, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 834. Virgil Floyd, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 841. Henry P. White, and Estate of Nancy A. White, Deceased,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
360278-56- -70
17

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
248
No. 846. City Chevrolet Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 847. G. J. Amshoff et al., petitioners, v. United States and Ezra
Taft Benson, Secretary of Agriculture. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 848. United States of America, petitioner, v. United States
Vanadium Corporation and Electro Metallurgical Company; and
No. 849. Electro Metallurgical Sales Corporation, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 862. The Commercial Travelers Mutual Accident Association
of America, a Corporation, etc., petitioner, v. J. C. Schutt, Adminis-
trator of the Estate of John P. Bell, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 866. Lyle E. Hernandez, Paul B. Porter, et al., petitioners, v.
Ethyl Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeal of Louisiana, First Circuit, denied.
No. 880. Buch Express, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 899. Joseph F. Elward, J. Patrick Lannan, Ora Mary Lannan,
et al., petitioners, v. William J. Friedman et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 584. Frank Gentles, Don F. Gates, Randolph Caldwell, et al.,
appellants, v. F. Britton McConnell, as Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, etc., et al.; and
No. 585. The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of Cali-
fornia, a California Corporation, et al., appellants, v. F. Britton Mc-
Connell, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of California, etc.,
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 38. Raymond C. Armstrong, petitioner, v. Mary R. Armstrong,
General Motors Corporation, et al.; and
No. 547, Misc. George N. Mas and Frank M. Mas, petitioners, v.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
249
No. 565, Misc. Richard H. Clinton, petitioner, v. The Greyhound
Corporation, a Delaware Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 600, Misc. Santiago Gonzalez Castro et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 615, Misc. Claude Roberts, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, State of Texas, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 622, Misc. In re Preston Lavern Howard, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 623, Misc. Salvatore Oddo, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 635, Misc. William H. Engling, petitioner, v. The State of
Kansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 641, Misc. James Dento, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 647, Misc. Dennis J. Pennenga, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 652, Misc. Robert McCollum, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 660, Misc. Charles Harlan Bales, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lain-
son, Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 661, Misc. Harold R. Kennedy, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Gough,
Warden, Rhode Island State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Rhode Island denied.
No. 663, Misc. Jesus Rodriguez, petitioner, v. Cosmos Footwear
Corporation, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 667, Misc. Vernon Turner, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
↑

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
250
No. 668, Misc. Robert Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Ohio and
Ralph W. Alvis, Warden, Ohio Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Franklin County Court of Appeals of Ohio denied.
No. 673, Misc. Luther C. Hanson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 679, Misc. Ernest Morse, petitioner, v. Lawrence Delmore, Jr.,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 686, Misc. Gerald C. Musser, petitioner, v. D. N. Myers, Acting
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 688, Misc. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 690, Misc. Gene A. Krupnick, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707, Misc. Robert Keagle, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 11, Misc. Bruce T. Reichelderfer, petitioner, v. C. G. Day,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 579, Misc. Emil Reck, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of
habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 613, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. John Norman
Clark, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden, California State
Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 513, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, etc., petitioner, v. William A.
Black, Dr. Charles A. Rymer, General Electric Co., et al. Petition
for an appeal denied.
3:

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1956
251
No. 671, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. P. A. Lainson,
Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary;
No. 677, Misc. Charles Campiglia, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden, Green Haven Prison, Stormville, New York;
No. 693, Misc. Donald MacGregor, petitioner, v. State of Florida
and Nathan Mayo, Custodian, Florida State Prison; and
No. 695, Misc. Herman Devorse, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 28, next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
252
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Walter J. St. M. LeBreton, of New Orleans, La., Gordon Rosen-
meier, of Little Falls, Minn., James L. O'Donnell, of Williston Park,
N. Y., Jesse Moss, of New York, N. Y., Albert J. Gennarelli, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., and Walter C. Sadler, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Simon E. Sobeloff; Harry Stitle
Manchester, of Youngstown, Ohio, Robert G. Farmer, Jr., of Colum-
bus, Ohio, William E. Minshall, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, Wilmore
Brown, of Columbus, Ohio, and Grover Jack Crites, of Columbus,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. John W. Bricker; Eva B. Adams, of Reno,
Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; John M. Kuykendall, Jr., of
Jackson, Miss., Will A. Hickman, of Oxford, Miss., and Jefferson
Davis, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jamie L. Whitten; Alfred
S. Gainsley, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Chis-
man Hanes; Loyd Earl Wright, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., Dud-
ley Kingsbury Wright, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Walter A. John-
son, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Loyd Wright; Gart-
ner S. Thomas, of Albany, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. Allen,
Jr.; Edmund P. Russo, of Coral Gables, Fla., John L. McWhorter,
of Miami, Fla., Joseph Hillary Walker, Jr., of Ripley, Tenn.;
Wilbur Gordon Silberman, of Birmingham, Ala., John C. Payne,
of Tuscaloosa, Ala., E. Dwight Morgan, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., Samuel
Alston Beatty, of Tuscaloosa, Ala., Herbert B. Moriarty, Jr., of
Memphis, Tenn., James Marnen Craven, of Memphis, Tenn., Rob-
ert L. Derrick, of Rockwood, Tenn., Frank C. Byrd, of Memphis,
Tenn., Glenn L. Millar, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., Hamilton Shaw
Foster, of Miami, Fla., Carl Goldschlager, of New Rochelle, N. Y.,
George J. Schweizer, Jr., of Greenville, Miss., Samuel B. Ray, Jr.,
of Barnwell, S. C., Eugene F. Rogers, of Columbia, S. C., Philip
Wittenberg, of Columbia, S. C., Edward H. Swanko, of Coral
Gables, Fla., Thomas Devine Smith, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., Roy
M. Mueller, of San Antonio, Tex., and Jack Garrott Morgan, of
Decatur, Tex., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Gilford
G. Rowland, of Sacramento, Calif., Walter H. Stammer, of Fresno,
Calif., and James Emmet Brenner, of Palo Alto, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. W. R. Sheeley; Thomas Gibbs Gee, of Austin, Tex., and
360278-56-71
H

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
253
James W. Wilson, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron;
John J. Campbell, of Cedarhurst, N. Y., and Daniel F. O'Connell,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph Tumulty, Jr.; John
B. Henderson, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Franklin M.
Schultz; Sam A. Myar, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
George Cabell Busick; Charles D. Bonnershine, of Monticello, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; John J. Larkin, of Lexington,
Ky., on motion of Mr. Gene W. Reardon; Michael Philip Direnzo,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Mordecai M. Merker; Thomas
G. Morgan, of Canton, N. C., on motion of Mr. Edward N. Logan;
Joseph V. Gibbia, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James F.
Hart; Cornelius Brooks Thurmond, Jr., of Augusta, Ga., Glenn
Bertrand Hester, of Augusta, Ga., and Carl Edward Sanders, of
Augusta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Edward Gordon
Coleman, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Alfred Long Scanlan;
Harry W. Day, of Toledo, Ohio, and Lewis W. Combest, of Toledo,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. John Holt Myers; George W. Bricker, Jr.,
of Wilton, Conn., on motion of Mr. Chauncey P. Carter, Jr.:
Edward Raiden, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas
M. Cooley II; William I. Purifoy, of Camden, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Floyd Lee Williams; Clark W. Toole, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla., and
Louis Kurz, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Louis Kurz;
A. Judson Hill, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Matthew Hale;
Franklin M. (Dyke) Brown, of San Francisco, Calif., and Vernon
L. Goodin, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lloyd N.
Cutler; Herbert Emerson Forrest, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Edward P. Morgan; Edwin Stallman, of Teaneck, N. J., on
motion of Mr. William M. Burkhalter; Melvin B. Lewis, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Lawrence A. Kusek; Elizabeth Little.
McGilvray, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Kenneth G.
McGilvray; John Marvin Ericson, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert F. Sutphin; Marshall Edmund Leahy, of San
Francisco, Calif., and John F. O'Dea, of San Francisco. Calif., on
motion of Mr. Bernard I. Nordlinger; Israel Moses, of Warwick,
R. I., on motion of Mr. David P. Doyle; Theodore J. Carlson, of
New York, N. Y., and Morrell S. Lockhart, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. William R. Joyce, Jr.; Burton W. Kanter, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Marvin Walter Weinstein; Anthony
J. Iacobo, of Lawrence, Mass., on motion of Mr. Franklin Joseph
Healy; Marion Edward Popiel, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Aaron Cohen; Ovid C. Bianchi, of Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Joseph M. Bonuso; Louis Frank Cainkar, of Chicago, Ill., on mo-
tion of Mr. William B. Jones; Walter Wesley Woodside, of Wash-
ington, D. C., and Thomas Morse Murphy, of Saginaw, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Leonard Raum; Melvin Spaeth, of New York,

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
254
John Keely Clifford, of Rochester, N. Y., and Gerald B. Green-
wald, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Arthur M. Becker; Shirley
H. Mokotoff, of New York, N. Y., and Milton Mokotoff, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Donald S. Dawson; Phyllis Dolvin Schoedel,
of Spokane, Wash., on motion of Mr. Joseph R. Gorman; Walter
J. Monacelli, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Francis C.
Browne; Arthur Murray Marshall, of Springfield, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. John (Jack) Reid Turney, Jr.; Joseph L. Sturge, of
Hempstead, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Hugh T. Fullerton; Albert
K. Scheidenhelm, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. J. Sin-
clair Armstrong; Francis Bourne Upham III, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Robert L. Brock, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; and John Rodgers
Murphy, of Kansas City, Mo., William Shephard Harrison, of Min-
neapolis, Minn., Wilfred John Bouquet, of Minneapolis, Minn., Ray-
mond J. Wilson, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, Kenneth Ashton McGaw,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Gerald M. Stevens, of St. Paul, Minn., Syrus
S. Kouri, of Minneapolis, Minn., Jerome G. Raidt, of Minneapolis,
Minn., George N. Guttmann, of Minneapolis, Minn., Elbert Marion
Beauneir, of St. Paul, Minn., B. Clarence Hart, of St. Paul, Minn.,
G. A Hatfield, of Minneapolis, Minn., Norman A. Stansberry, of
Minneapolis, Minn., Samuel Hubbard Hertogs, of Hastings, Minn.,
Edward Dorwart Clapp, of St. Paul, Minn., and Orem Olford Rob-
bins, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Robert Lynn Lance-
field, were admitted to practice.
No. 404. Offutt Housing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
County of Sarpy and Robert M. Eby, Treasurer of County of Sarpy,
Nebraska. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan concur.
No. 373. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip J.
LoBue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals with directions to remand to the Tax Court
for further proceedings. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Clark. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part and dissenting in part in
which Mr. Justice Burton joins.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
The Chief Justice said:
255
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 794. State of South Carolina, ex relatione, S. C. Public Service
Commission, appellant, v. United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of South Carolina. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 650, Misc. John Naumo, appellant, v. The State of New York.
Appeal from the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, First Judicial Department. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed.
No. 15, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The State of Louisiana is given until June 4, 1956, to reply
to the motion of the United States for an injunction. In the meantime
the parties are invited to express their views as to maintenance of
the status quo pending final disposition of the cause here. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 51. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Sierra Pacific
Power Company; and
No. 53. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sierra
Pacific Power Company. The respondent's motion to amend the
opinion in this case is denied without prejudice to the future deter-
mination of any issues that may arise as to the right of Sierra to
restitution of the excess payments made pursuant to the Commission's
invalid order. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice
Douglas would grant the motion.
No. 793. Leslie Miller, Inc., appellant, v. State of Arkansas. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Arkansas. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary
calendar.
1
1
用
|
No. 826. Boyd Leedom et al., as Members of the National Labor
Relations Board, petitioners, v. International Union of Mine, Mill
and Smelter Workers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
The case is transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 723 which is also placed on the
summary calendar.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
256
No. 845. Robert W. Jaffke, petitioner, v. William C. Dunham,
Trustee of the Estate of Robert L. Knetzer, Bankrupt. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 853. Jacob Senko, petitioner, v. LaCrosse Dredging Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illi-
nois, Fourth District, granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 517. Edwin Courtney Hudson et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company, International Association of Machin-
ists, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 573. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Department of Revenue of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 835. Robert Vasquez, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 836. The Aetna Freight Lines, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. Stanley
Clayton, Individually and as President of Freight Drivers, Helpers
and Dockmen, Local Union #375, etc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 840. Richard W. Davis and J. W. Clements, petitioners, v. The
Buck-Jackson Corporation and H. L. Buck, Jr., and A. E. Jackson, Jr.,
d/b/a Buck and Jackson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 842. Sim L. Nichols, petitioner, v. United States Steel Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 843. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Frank A. Car-
dillo, Deputy Commissioner, United States Department of Labor,
Bureau of Employees' Compensation, Second Compensation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 844. Carl H. Williams et al., petitioners, v. Pacific Royalty
4Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 850. John Charles Aurianne and Henry Aurianne, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Board of Levee Commissioners of the Orleans Levee
360278-56- -72
1
1
1th

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
257
District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 855. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Frank Cereste. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 856. E. R. Daugherty, Jr., Eugene Stith, William B. Stith,
et al., petitioners, v. Commonwealth of Virginia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 857. Lidgerwood Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 860. In the Matter of Theodore W. Miller, an Attorney, peti-
tioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 864. John F. Morgan, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 867. Louisiana and Arkansas Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Irene Booth Moore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 870. Michael Conforti, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Putnam County of New York denied.
No. 871. Anthony Angelet and William Angelet, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 879. Pacific Intermountain Express Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 881. Harold D. Rogers, petitioner, v. State of Connecticut.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut denied.
No. 900. T. E. Goodin, Sr., petitioner, v. Clinchfield Railroad Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 914. Ferriel M. Barnett, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 795. Roy Pursselley, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion to dispense with the printing of the petition is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
th

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
258
No. 851. John W. Hadzima, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 808. George C. Wicks and Phillip F. Jensen, petitioners, ".
Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees, Southern Pacific
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is also denied.
No. 854. J. T. Lott, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 868. Schering Corporation, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
Attorney General of the United States, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 23. Harry Slochower, appellant, v. The Board of Higher Edu
cation of the City of New York. Per Curiam: The petition for re-
hearing is denied. The petition calls our attention to the following
comment in our opinion: "It appears that neither the Subcommittee
nor Slochower was aware that his claim of privilege would ipso facto
result in his discharge, and would bar him permanently from holding
any position either in the city colleges or in the city government."
350 U. S. 554, lines 13-18. This observation was based on the printed
record then before us. The Board now presents for the first time
additional portions of the official transcript of the proceedings before
the United States Senate Internal Security Subcommittee which cast
doubt on its accuracy. Since the comment was in no wise controlling
of our decision we believe its deletion from the opinion would serve
the interests of accuracy.
It is so ordered.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. The Ohio Power Com-
pany. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 95. Judson Griffin and James Crenshaw, petitioners, v. People
of the State of Illinois;
No. 679. James Robert Palmer and Lenore Palmer, petitioners, e.
United States of America;
No. 699. United States of America, petitioner, v. White Bear Brew-
ing Co., Inc., and Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Trustee, et
al.; and

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
259
No. 564, Misc. Charles Woodrow Burns, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 380, Misc. John Joseph Uckele, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 384, Misc. John J. McCorkle, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pa. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 458, Misc. James Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 526, Misc. Pershing Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph O. Kearney,
Warden, Federal Correctional Institution, Texarkana, Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 563, Misc. Paul E. Goodman, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 597, Misc. Claudio Gonzalez, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 616, Misc. Joe Parsons, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 617, Misc. Dr. Edward J. Norwood, petitioner, v. Norman B.
Parenteau et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 619, Misc. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourt Circuit denied.
No. 621, Misc. Anna Marie Holland, petitioner, v. Capital Transit
Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied..
No. 634, Misc. Earl Louis Goodchild, Jr., petitioner, v. State of
Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 636, Misc. Raymond E. Hall, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, State of Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
260
No. 640, Misc. Candalario A. Aguilar, petitioner, v. United States
of America and Frances G. Aguilar. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 642, Misc. George Alvarez, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 644, Misc. Jasper Veal, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 645, Misc. Leslie E. Rockwell, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 651, Misc. Joseph (GIO) Giordano, petitioner, v. State of Ohio
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 662, Misc. Paul Eugene Kollen, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 665, Misc. Nathan Johnson, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, West Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 669, Misc. State of Tennessee, ex rel. J. R. Johnson, petitioner,
v. Frank Llewelyn, Warden, Brushy Mountain Prison, Petros, Ten-
nessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennes-
see denied.
No. 675, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Daniel
Young, petitioner, v. David Myers, Acting Warden, State Peniten-
tiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 678, Misc. Alfreddie Henderson, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Thompson, Presiding Judge, Boone County Circuit Court at Lebanon,
Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana denied.
No. 684, Misc. John L. Heirman, petitioner, v. Fidelity and Casu-
alty Co. of New York, and Omar L. Schnatmeier, United States Mar-
shal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 685, Misc. Albert F. Eckert, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Appeals of Oklahoma denied.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
261
No. 687, Misc. Eugene E. Lemasters, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen,
Warden, West Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 691, Misc. Troy Hall, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 694, Misc. Theodore Paul Barrick, petitioner, v. The State of
Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 698, Misc. Walter E. Nolan, petitioner, v. State of Missouri
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 700, Misc. Sidney Strassman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Onondaga
County Court of New York denied.
No. 701, Misc. Winfred Williams, petitioner, v. L. Delmore, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla
Walla, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington denied.
No. 704, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 705, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 708, Misc. James Kendall, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 709, Misc. Charles Wood, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 710, Misc. J. B. Johnson, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 711, Misc. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Paul
King, petitioner, v. John F. McNeill, Director, Matteawan State Hos-
pital, Beacon, New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judi-
cial Department, denied.
No. 712, Misc. Edward Sieg, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden of the Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Ill. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
262
No. 717, Misc. In the Matter of the Petition of Billy Thompson,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Wyoming County
Court of Warsaw of New York denied.
No. 718, Misc. Bert W. John, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 719, Misc. Arthur Garrett, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 734, Misc. Robert E. Weaver, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judi-
cial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 657, Misc. Anthony J. Arcieri, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden, Ohio State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 720, Misc. McGruder H. Price and Andrew J. Price, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Motion for a stay denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 643, Misc. Frank A. Barnes, petitioner, v. Mildred R. Mendez;
and
No. 735, Misc. Charles Shane, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 655, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. F. T. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Ga.;
No. 689, Misc. In re: The Regent of California, petitioner;
No. 699, Misc. Monroe Robinson, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, State Prison of Southern Michigan;
No. 723, Misc. In the Matter of Rayford M. Medlin, petitioner;
No. 725, Misc. Grover Wesley Cain, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
Custodian, Florida State Prison;
No. 727, Misc. In the Matter of E. L. Parker, petitioner;
No. 731, Misc. Ellsworth L. Pritchard, petitioner, v. The Warden,
Maryland House of Correction;
No. 742, Misc. Leroy Carroll, petitioner, v. Vernon Pepersack,
Warden of the Maryland Penitentiary;
No. 744, Misc. Charles Van Newkirk, petitioner, v. John F. Mc-
Neill, Superintendent, Matteawan State Hospital;

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1956
263
No. 749, Misc. Lyndon Carr, petitioner, v. Allan L. Robbins,
Warden, Maine State Prison; and
No. 755, Misc. Lloyd N. Hockaday, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 754, Misc. In the Matter of Eugene Hill, petitioner. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and mandamus
denied.
No. 672, Misc. Orleans Parish School Board and James F. Red-
mond, Superintendent, petitioners, v. Earl Benjamin Bush et al.;
No. 692, Misc. Ruth Booker, etc., et al., petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee Board of Education et al.; and
No. 681, Misc. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The Honorable, The United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of mandamus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 4, next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
264
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Bernard Nelson West, of Bethel, Ohio, Horace Edward Baker, of
Westfield, N. J., Kalford K. Miazza, of New Orleans, La., John J.
Waldeck, of Canton, Ohio, J. Louis Missall, of Sacramento, Calif.,
Gerald Sokoloff, of Liberty, N. Y., Walter E. Dillon, of New York,
N. Y., John Benedict Lee, of New York, N. Y., Irving Anolik, of
New York, N. Y., Irvin Bernard Shaffer, of Baltimore, Md., Grace-
Taylor Sanman, of New York, N. Y., Vincent Lo Lordo, of New York,
N. Y., Dorothy McCullough Lee, of Portland, Oreg., and George
Cochran Doub, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Simon E. Sobeloff; Verne M. Laing, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Edward Herbert Rees; Gus Thomas Greanias, of Decatur, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. William Lee Springer; H. Sidney Laughlin, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Robert Alan Bicks, of New York, N. Y., Edward
J. Harrison, of Streator, Ill., and William C. McPike, of Bedford,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Stanley N. Barnes; Joseph M. Cooper, of
Madison, Ind., Charles W. Cooper, of Madison, Ind., and Eugene L.
Cooper, of Madison, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E. Jenner; Lee
Ward, of Paragould, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. C. Gathings; Arthur
Meyer, of Nowata, Okla., on motion of Mr. Edmond A. Edmondson,
Jr.; Lawrence W. Ryan, of Chicago, Ill., and Thomas J. Wynn, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James Cunningham Murray; Wiley
S. Messick, of Abbeville, Ala., and James H. Duncan, of Birmingham,
Ala., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston, Jr.; Richard White
Hobbs, of Hot Springs, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. F. Norrell; Oliver
A. Thompson, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Nicholas A. Bucur, Jr., of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William E. Minshall, Jr.; Walter
O. Cass. of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Chandler; John
L. Briggs, of Jacksonville, Fla., and Bruce Griffin Davis, of Talla-
hassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Charles L. Goodson,
of Franklin, Ga., on motion of Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; Charles
Patterson Green, of Louisburg, N. C., and Banks Arendell, of Raleigh,
N. C., on motion of Mr. Harold Dunbar Cooley; Howard J. Clifton,
of Orlando, Fla., James Robert Durden, of Daytona Beach, Fla., Rob-
ert W. Olsen, of Orlando, Fla., Mack Duggan Cooley, of Wildwood,
Fla., John L. Schober, Jr., of Shreveport, La., Joseph C. LeSage, Jr.,
360278-56-73

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
265
of Shreveport, La., Joseph M. Snee, of Washington, D. C., James A.
Maloney, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., Lonard K. Wells, of Shreveport,
La., Charles J. O'Brien, of Orlando, Fla., Leon Hunter Handley, of
Orlando, Fla., Herbert James Lindstrum, of Galesburg, Ill., Robert
Burnett Booz, of McPherson, Kans., Robert Mackenzie Betz, of Albu-
querque, N. Mex., John E. Menig, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., Charles
Gowin Davis, of Bellevue, Tex., Charles D. Baxter, of Wichita Falls,
Tex., L. Archie Harris, of Sacramento, Calif., French C. Davis
of Daytona Beach, Fla., Dan R. Warren, of Daytona Beach, Fla.,
Leon F. Stewart, of Daytona Beach, Fla., Lawrence J. Gross, of
New York, N. Y., William Joseph Shumpes, of Chicago, Ill., Calvin
C. Magleby, of Las Vegas, Nev., and Herbert M. Jones, of Las Vegas,
Nev., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; William M. Chan-
son, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard Raum; John C.
Sheehan, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert C. McConnell ;
Edward Douglas Downing, of Elkhart, Ind., on motion of Mr. Val-
entine B. Deale; Robert J. Leonard, of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. Nicholas F. Lopes; Vincent A. Whelan, of San Diego, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Ralph F. Berlow; Paul J. Fox, of Virginia Beach,
Va., on motion of Mr. Louis Pabst Poulton; Sol I. Kroll, of New
York, N. Y., Charles J. Garbarini, of New York, N. Y., and Anthony
D. Sutera, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sidney Kocin; John
R. Brasel, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Jack C. Davis;
Ellsworth T. Simpson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Frank
J. Kelly; Paul N. Herdman, of Lebanon, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
John K. Pickens; Monroe J. Winsten, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Louis H. Samuels; Harold Joseph Nussbaum, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Nathan M. Lubar; George Joseph Lyons, of
Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Alan Johnstone, Jr.; Murray
Sprung, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Thos. C. Fisher;
Roland A. Dexter, of Williamstown, Mass., on motion of Mr. Alvin
Browdy; William J. Routsis, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
William A. Kehoe, Jr.; Claude Stephen Eddleman, Jr., of Louis-
ville, Ky., on motion of Mr. William Brecht Hanback; W. Barrett
McDonnell, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William E. Foley;
Joseph Lester Carr, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick Oliver Graves; W. Stuart McCloy, of Memphis, Tenn., on mo-
tion of Mr. George Cabell Busick; Meyer Linnick, of Newark, N. J.,
and Samuel L. Steiner, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Earl
Hubert Davis; James R. Worsley, Jr., of Greenville, N. C., on motion
of Mr. Paul Daniel; James Lawrence Dooley, of Petersburg, Va., and
G. Galt Bready, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Allen Kirk-
patrick III; Julius S. Christensen, of New York, N. Y., and John C.
Avery, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick S. Hill;

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
266
David R. Warner, of South Sioux City, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Perry
William Morton; Robert C. Thomson, Jr., of Westfield, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Lawrence C. Moore; Michael C. Rainone, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; Lois Lamb, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Walter Raymond Williams;
Walter C. Foster, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Dickinson
Thatcher; Alfred Olsen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Neil
Tolman; Irving L. Schuh, of Jamaica, N. Y., and Arthur M. Wald-
man, of Jamaica, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul H. Tannenbaum;
Harry B. Lader, of Jamaica, N. Y., and William Roth, of Jamaica,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Max Goldweber; B. J. Dryer, of Woodward,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Jerome Powell; Irving Morris, of Wilming-
ton, Del., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill; John Allan Marshall, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frederick Stueck; Richard Jesse
Goldman, of New York, N. Y., and I. Frank Miller, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Eugene F. Mullin, Jr.,; and Ethan B. Stroud,
of Dallas, Tex., Gaynor Kendall, of Austin, Tex., and William L.
Kerr, of Midland, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 92. Mabel Black and T. Y. Wulff, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Cutter Laboratories, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of California. Writ of certiorari dis-
missed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Reed would affirm
the judgment below. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black concur.
No. 489. Dan Durley, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian,
Florida State Prison. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Florida. Writ of certiorari dismissed for lack of jurisdic-
tion. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr.
Justice Clark concur.
No. 530. United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Implement
Workers of America, etc., appellant, v. Wisconsin Employment Rela-
tions Board and Kohler Co., a Wisconsin Corporation. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black concur.
No. 565. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C.I.O., et al., appel-
lants, v. Axel B. Anderson, District Judge, and McQuay, Inc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. Per Curiam: The judgment

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
267
is affirmed. United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Imple-
ment Workers of America, etc., v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board, No. 530, October Term, 1955, decided this day. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 859. Harry Sears, Trustee, and Nevada Investment and Fi-
nance Corporation, a Corporation, appellants, v. County of Calaveras,
State of California, George G. Braddock, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of California; and
No. 869. Gertrude P. Montgomery, appellant, v. West Basin Mu-
nicipal Water District and the Metropolitan Water District of South-
ern California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per
Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 885. Bernard P. Calhoun, appellant, v. The Superior Court
of the State of California in and for the County of San Diego et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 724, Misc. Warren J. Priester, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden, Green Haven Prison, New York, et al. Appeal from and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed and the petition for writ of certio-
rari is denied.
No. 774, Misc. Gerald Glen Boyden, appellant, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden, McNeil Island, Washington, et al. Appeal from the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed.
No. 858. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. National Lead
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 863. Libson Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Gustave F. Koehler, Dis-
trict Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 893. Delvaille H. Theard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 656, Misc. Ollie Otto Prince, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
268
for the Fifth Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the appel-
late docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 499. Fort Dix Apartments Corporation, a Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Borough of Wrightstown, a Municipal Corporation,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 635. Associated Musicians of Greater New York, Local 802,
American Federation of Musicians, AFL, and Al Manuti, its Agent,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 790. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Sales
Drivers, Helpers & Building Construction Drivers, Local Union 859,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 791. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Business
Machine and Office Appliance Mechanics Conference Board, Local
459, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
,
No. 771. E. A. Taliaferro, petitioner, v. Julia Prettner et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 773. D. L. Jolly, Sr., petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 837. Hawaiian Pineapple Company, Ltd., a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Martin E. Aden et al.; and
No. 838. International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's
Union et al., petitioners, v. Hawaiian Pineapple Company, Ltd., a
Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 872. United States of America, ex rel. Silvio Dario Durante,
petitioner, v. Ralph Holton, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 873. Adelbert W. Lee, petitioner, v. The Aetna Casualty and
Surety Co., a Body Corporate, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
360278-56-―74

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
269
No. 874. Optical Workers' Union Local 24859 et al., petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Esso Standard Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 876. Thomas F. Daley, Arthur F. Dunnett, Jr., Louis Fron-
gello, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 877. National Lead Company et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 882. Gladys Laycock, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 883. In the Matter of the Tax Liability of Norda Essential Oil
and Chemical Company, Inc., of the Lower Manhattan District, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 884. Isbrandtsen Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Nortuna Ship-
ping Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 887. Eugene F. Evarts, Monrova S. Evarts and Eugene K.
Evarts, petitioners, v. C. J. Jones et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 888. Gulf Oil Corporation and Gulf Refining Company, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 889. O. Henry Briggs, Thomas J. Deegan, Jr., Walter W.
Foskett, et al., petitioners, v. Breswick & Co. et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 890. The Louisiana Land and Exploration Company, peti-
tioner, v. State Mineral Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 891. Alice Bradley Fisher, as Executrix of the Estate of Fred-
erick T. Fisher, Deceased, petitioner, v. Thomas F. Pierce. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
270
No. 894. Edward E. Morgan Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States of America for the use of W. O. Pelphrey. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 895. In the Matter of Charges against Wilbert B. McBride for
Misconduct as an Attorney, petitioner. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 901. Benjamin Scher, petitioner, v. Sinclair Weeks, Secretary
of Commerce. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 903. Morgan J. Lewis, petitioner, v. Lewis Bokser and Sara L.
Bokser. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 905. Leonard J. Shafitz, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 916. Dairy Products Company of Uniontown, petitioner, v.
Clark K. Sleeth, Health Officer of Monongalia County, West Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 937. Continental Can Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Paul
Magida, a Stockholder of the Vulcan Detinning Company, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 941. American Steamship Owners Mutual Protection and In-
demnity Association. Inc., petitioner, v. Trinidad Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 774. Albert Herman Landeros, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas
corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 809. Walter J. Sawyer, petitioner, v. Max A. Barczak, Sheriff,
Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. The motion to strike respondent's
brief is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 896. Patrick McHugh, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certi-
orari should be granted.
No. 909. The United States, petitioner, v. Aubrey H. Bond. The
motion to dispense with the printing of the respondent's brief is
100

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
271
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 227. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
Arkansas Oak Flooring Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 13, Misc. William Tensley, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 286, Misc. Gordon Tompkins, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 446, Misc. Lester Bell Scranton, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden of the State Prison at Represa, California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 542, Misc. Frank E. Siple, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 569, Misc. Melvin Ray McMorrow, petitioner, v. Ralph W.
Alvis, Warden, Ohio State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio denied.
No. 590, Misc. James Henderson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 594, Misc. In the Matter of Charles H. Flasphaler, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 596, Misc. Hayes Salmond, petitioner, v. Isbrandtsen Com-
pany, Inc. and Bethlehem Steel Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York,
Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 610, Misc. Joseph Johnson, alias Joseph Marcial, alias Joseph
Marcil, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 653, Misc. William J. Labonte, petitioner, v. The New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 659, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Peter Stevens,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary,
"

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
272
Joliet, Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 666, Misc. Marvin R. Ray, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 680, Misc. David V. Yarborough, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 682, Misc. Raymond Cook, petitioner, v. The State of Mis-
sissippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.
No. 683, Misc. Curtis Redd, petitioner, v. The State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 703, Misc. Olive McKinney, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Department of the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County,
denied.
No. 714, Misc. Harry Lambertson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 715, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Henry
Paylor, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston, Warden, Western State
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 716, Misc. Lawrence Carroll, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 721, Misc. J. Leon Lazarowitz and Jennie Lazarowitz, peti-
tioners, v. Dominick Vitale and Jocelyn Vitale. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 722, Misc. Lolita Lebron, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Andres
Figueroa Cordero, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 726, Misc. William Bela Binder, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
273
No. 729, Misc. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Tullio
Dellaquila, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden, Attica State
Prison, Attica, New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 730, Misc. Wyman W. Graeber, petitioner, v. State of Wash-
ington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 732, Misc. Antonio A. Simeone, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 733, Misc. Lloyd H. Maupin, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 736, Misc. James R. Whitmore, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 737, Misc. Virgil Johnson, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System and the State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 738, Misc. Louis Walter Pulley, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 739, Misc. James Williams, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden, Maryland Penitentiary, Baltimore, Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 743, Misc. Joseph Rogers, petitioner, v. F. C. Martin, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 745, Misc. Walter Morneau, petitioner, v. United States Board
of Parole. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 750, Misc. James A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 751, Misc. William J. McNally, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin, Calif. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
274
No. 752, Misc. Mabel T. Turner, petitioner, v. United States of
America and Patsy Ruth Magee. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 756, Misc. Otto Andrew Atterson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 757, Misc. Irving Morris, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 758, Misc. Lewis M. Horn, petitioner, v. A. Ross Pascoe, State
of Michigan Parole Board, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 759, Misc. Robert John Manaro, petitioner, v. Max Rosenberg
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 762, Misc. Michael Capano, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 763, Misc. Russell Richter, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 764, Misc. Martin S. Pratt, petitioner, v. Department of the
Army et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 765, Misc. Ross Cabell Hill, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 766, Misc. Frank Severa, petitioner, v. The Salvation Army,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 768, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Robert Erwin
Morgan, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 773, Misc. Willie Lee Byrd, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 775, Misc. August Kurtz, petitioner, v. Dr. John F. McNeill,
Superintendent, Matteawan State Hospital, Beacon, New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
275
No. 776, Misc. Theodore Jones, Real Name Being, Eugene Lucas,
petitioner, v. State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 778, Misc. Austin Kelley, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 783, Misc. Leona Dinwiddie, and Anne Elizabeth Roark, peti-
tioners, v. R. J. Brown, Gordon T. West, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 784, Misc. Eddie L. Burdix, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 787, Misc. Minor Sorber, petitioner, v. Marvin Wiggins, Super-
intendent of Mississippi State Penitentiary and E. W. Williams,
Sheriff of Sunflower County, Miss. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 790, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. John Cordts, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet,
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 791, Misc. Billy Joe Houston, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 793, Misc. Bart Luis Caritativo, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 794, Misc. H. E. Yost, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 713, Misc. Wesley Robert Wells, petitioner, v. M. R. King,
Superintendent of the California Medical Facility, State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 501, Misc. Jay Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. Honorable J. Skelly
Wright, U. S. District Judge, U. S. District Court, New Orleans,
Louisiana. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1956
276
No. 760, Misc. William A. Smith, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director, District of Columbia Department of Corrections, et al.; and
No. 781, Misc. Ex parte Sam Durkin, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 11, upon
which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
277
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jean W. Lopatin, of Elizabeth, N. J., Carroll K. Sellers, of Cran-
ford, N. J., Chester A. Weidenburner, of Linden, N. J., Richard P.
Muscatello, of Elizabeth, N. J., H. Russell Morss, Jr., of Summit,
N. J., R. Lockwood Jones, of Cordell, Okla., Philip L. Nadler, of New
Brunswick, N. J., Victor Van Horn Blackwell, of Covington, La., and
John Marshall Harlan, of Richmond, Ind., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Simon E. Sobeloff; Richard Ives Rudell, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Irwin D. Davidson; John Earl Henderson, of Cam-
bridge, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Jenkins; Philip A. Joss, of
Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Alan D.
McArthur, of Broken Bow, Nebr., and Charles Thone, of Lincoln,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. Roman L. Hruska; John Felix Ghizzoni, of
Washington, D. C., and Audrey Dooling Ghizzoni, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Neal King, of
Mission, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Reynolds Newman
Cate, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; John
Iacoponelli, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers;
John G. Clock, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig Hosmer;
Mitchell Emmett Ward, of Vicksburg, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam H. Dorsey, Jr.; Hulen Culbert Callaway, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen; Staton Pender Williams, of
Albemarle, N. C., and Hobart Morton, of Albemarle, N. C., on motion
of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander; Ralph W. Currie, of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Roland Rice; Augustus S. Merrimon, of Sumter, S. C.,
on motion of Mr. Wilton H. Wallace; John R. Thompson, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Don V. Harris, Jr.; J. W. Ritchie, of
Indianola, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Irving E. Chenoweth; Edgar Davis
Kuykendall, Jr., of Greensboro, N. C., on motion of Mr. T. Wade
Harrison; Noah L. Lord, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Edward T. Johnson; John Chivari, of Aurora, Ill., on motion of Mr.
John E. McClure; William Daniel Holeman, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Barry; Morris B. Landau, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Ronald J. Foulis; Charles T. Kappler, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Warren Emerson Blair; Ford E.
Young, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. David Reich;
360278-56--75

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
278
John G. Messer, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart
French; Joseph Calderon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Norman L. Meyers; Raymond R. Dickey, of Washington, D. C., and
Bernard Gordon, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. S. Walter
Shine; Langdon Cheves West, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on motion of
Mr. Richard H. Brown; Edward J. Fahy, of Rockford, Ill., on motion
of Mr. John W. Ahern; William Reback, of Washington, D. C.,
William Joseph Dixon, of Washington, D. C., Samuel Green, of
Washington, D. C., and Dominic Anthony St. Angelo, of Providence,
R. I., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Ford; Carl Joseph Morano, of
Scranton, Pa., on motion of Mrs. Anna F. Nacrelli; Marvin Greene,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Irving M. Pollack; Charles
Patrick DeRoche, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert T.
Murphy; and Perry A. Krohn, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Thomas Albert Stanbury, were admitted to practice.
No. 320. George B. Parr, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan announced by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren in which Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark join.
No. 202, Misc. George B. Parr, petitioner, v. Ben H. Rice, District
Judge, et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for writs of
mandamus and prohibition is denied.
No. 342. Blazey Czaplicki, petitioner, v. The Vessel "SS Hoegh
Silvercloud", Her Boilers, Engines, Tackle, etc., et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan announced by Mr. Justice
Burton. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 442. Kendrick M. Cole, petitioner, v. Philip Young et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan announced by
Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark in
which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Minton join.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
279
No. 529. Marie DeSylva, petitioner, v. Marie Ballentine, as Guard-
ian of the Estate of Stephen William Ballentine. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan announced by Mr. Justice Burton.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Black joins.
No. 257. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Charles M.
Gileo et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of California. Judgments in Gileo v. Southern Pacific Co., Aranda v.
Southern Pacific Co., and Moreno v. Southern Pacific Co. affirmed.
The writs of certiorari in Eufrazia v. Southern Pacific Co. and Eelk
v. Southern Pacific Co. are dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr.
Justice Frankfurter agree that the writs in Southern Pacific Co. v.
Eufrazia and Southern Pacific Co. v. Eelk must be dismissed because
they were improvidently granted for want of final state court judg-
ments. Regarding Southern Pacific Co. v. Gileo, Southern Pacific
Co. v. Aranda, and Southern Pacific Co. v. Moreno, they disagree with
the Court's theory in applying the Act of 1939 for the reasons set
forth in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's dissent in No. 621, Reed v. Penn-
sylvania R. Co
No. 621. Martha C. Reed, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinon by Mr. Justice Min-
ton. Mr. Justice Burton dissents for the reasons stated below in the
opinion of the Court of Appeals. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 701. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the District of Columbia
Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed and
case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting memorandum by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
A written dissent will be filed during the next Term of Court. Reser-
vation of Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 713. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Federal Reformatory for
Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner, v. Walter Krueger. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the District Court affirmed. Opinion

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
280
by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting memorandum by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas. A written
dissent will be filed during the next Term of Court. Reservation of
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 34. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Bruce A. Mackey, Individually, and Time Saver Tools, Inc.,
an Illinois Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Harlan joins.
No. 76. The Cold Metal Process Company and the Union National
Bank of Youngstown, Ohio, Trustee, Petitioners, v. United Engineer-
ing & Foundry Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Harlan joins.
No. 323. United States of America, ex rel. David Darcy, petitioner,
v. Earl D. Handy, Warden of Bucks County Prison, et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 503. Cecil Reginald Jay, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment of Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Western District of Wash-
ington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 5. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 117. The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al.;

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
281
No. 118. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission et al.;
and
No. 119. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, and Secretary of Agriculture, appellants, v. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Nebraska; and
No. 332. Washington Public Service Commission, Public Utilities
Commissioner of Oregon, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 333. Union Pacific Railroad Company, Chicago and North
Western Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The Denver and Rio
Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 334. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
District of Colorado. Judgment of the District Court of Colorado is
reversed with directions to dismiss the bill. The judgment of the
Nebraska District Court affirmed insofar as it affirmed the order of the
Interstate Commerce Commission and reversed insofar as the court
refused to enforce the Commission's order. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 448. United States of America, appellant, v. McKesson and
Robbins, Incorporated. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Judgment of the
District Court dismissing the complaint reversed and case remanded
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr.
Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice said:
"On behalf of the Court, I announce with regret the retirement of
one of its trusted officers. Mr. Harold B. Willey has been an employee
of this Court for 32 years and for the last four years the Clerk of the
Court. He has served faithfully and well. We all wish for him many
years of happiness in the leisure he has earned and continued success
in anything he may undertake. Mr. John T. Fey, presently Dean of
the George Washington University Law School, will succeed Mr.
Willey as Clerk and assume his duties on July 1st."
360278-56-76

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
The Chief Justice said:
282
"The orders of the Court appeal upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 861. Sword Line, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: Certiorari is granted
limited to the question whether admiralty had jurisdiction over the
controversy stated in the libel and the judgment is affirmed. The
libel, though dependent on a statute, alleges unjust enrichment from
a maritime contract. Archawski v. Hanioti, 350 U. S. 532. Affirmed.
No. 915. Theodore Trock, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Hoffman v. United
States, 341 U. S. 479.
No. 697, Misc. Bartolomeo Monge, petitioner, v. James G. Smyth,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of California.
Appeal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. The petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 780, Misc. Walter Gross, petitioner, v. The State of California.
Appeal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. The petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. It is ordered by this Court that the compensation of George I.
Haight as Special Master for services rendered by him in his lifetime
pursuant to the order entered in this cause on June 1, 1954, be and the
same is hereby fixed in the sum of $35,000; and that said sum shall be
paid by the parties to Kathleen Haight, Executrix of the Estate of
George I. Haight, deceased, in the following proportions: Arizona
25%, California 25%, United States 25%, Nevada 20%, New Mexico
22%, Utah 22%. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this question.
No. 15, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana.
Upon consideration of the motion of the United States for an in-
junction or other interlocutory relief in cases involving the contro-
versy pending before this Court in the case of United States of Amer-
ica v. State of Louisiana,

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
283
It is ordered that Attorney General of the State of Louisiana and
others named and others acting with them are enjoined from further
prosecuting or taking any proceedings in a certain cause now pending
in the Fourteenth Judicial District Court in and for the Parish of
Calcasieu, State of Louisiana, entitled State of Louisiana v. Ander-
son-Pritchard Oil Corporation, et al., Number 38780 on the docket
of said court, and from prosecuting any other case or cases involving
the controversy before this Court until further order of the Court,
and
It is further ordered that the State of Louisiana and the United
States of America are enjoined from leasing or beginning the drilling
of new wells in the disputed tidelands area pending further order of
this Court unless by agreement of the parties filed here.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
No. , Original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of
Texas, et al. It appearing that the controversy between the parties
has been settled and that the State of Arkansas wishes to withdraw
its Motion for Leave to File Complaint, the request is granted and
the proceeding is dismissed as moot.
No. 151. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company, et al. The motion to schedule this case for
argument in December is denied. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 241. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Lion Oil
Company. The joint motion to join Monsanto Chemical Co. as a
party respondent is granted.
No. 451. Railway Employes' Department, American Federation of
Labor, International Association of Machinists, et al., appellants, v.
Robert L. Hanson, et al. The motion to stay the mandate is denied.
No. 470. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Shotwell
Manufacturing Company, Byron A. Cain, Frank J. Huebner, et al.;
and
No. 471. The Shotwell Manufacturing Company, Byron A. Cain,
Frank J. Huebner, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
The motion of the Solicitor General to defer consideration of the
petitions for writs of certiorari is granted.
No. 800. United States of America, appellant, v. Ludenia Howard,
Trading as Stokes Fish Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the sum-
mary calendar.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
284
No. 907. Luis Alvara Ceballos (Y Arboleda), petitioner, v. Ed-
ward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at the Port of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 922. John Gunaca, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board, on the Relation of Kohler Co. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views
of the National Labor Relations Board.
No. 917. United States of America, petitioner, v. Schneer's At-
lanta, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 923. The United States, petitioner, v. The Allen-Bradley Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 988. National Lead Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 923.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. The Ohio Power Com-
pany. The order of December 5, 1955, denying the petition for re-
hearing, is vacated and the petition for rehearing is continued.
No. 510. Gus O. Brown and Oscar Castro, Individually and as
Business Agents of Local Union 576, United Furniture Workers of
America, C. I. O., etc., petitioners, v. Morris Pizer, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 739. Barney French, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 898. Smith-Johnson Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 906. American Flint Glass Workers' Union of North America,
AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
285
No. 912. Stanley Stout and Frances Stout, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 918. Marjorie A. Mullins, petitioner, v. The Clinchfield Coal
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 920. Paul L. Marshall, petitioner, v. Donald A. Maginnis, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 921. W. Frank Lee, Jr., as Administrator of the Estates of
W. Frank Lee, Deceased, et al., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 924. Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
William J. Harding Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 926. Theodore F. Otten, petitioner, v. Staten Island Rapid
Transit Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 928. Dorsey K. Offutt, an Attorney, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 931. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a Maryland
Corporation, petitioner, v. Hon. James C. Connell, Judge of the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio,
Eastern Division. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 933. James Alvado et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 934. American Eastern Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 942. John N. Lenz, petitioner, v. Albert E. Cobo, Mayor of the
City of Detroit. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 943. C. W. Caywood, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 945. Coy Burnett and Mel Dar Corporation, petitioners, v. Ire-
land Graves et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
286
No. 946. J. Herschel Hardy, petitioner, v. Bankers Life & Casualty
Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 950. Gichner Iron Works, Inc., petitioner, v. Helen Hanna and
Cicero Hanna. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 952. Samuel Sklaroff and Anna Sklaroff, petitioners, v. James
Skeadas and Catherine Skeadas. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Rhode Island denied.
No. 962. Rosebud County, Montana, petitioner, v. May W. Bentley
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 965. Adell C. Carter, alias Ponto and Ronnie Mae Mathis, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 967. Pennsylvania Greyhound Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Marie
Rowe et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 984. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Walter N. Buckles, Jr. and Silas R. Stanley. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 994. Girard Lodge, No. 100, et al., petitioners, v. Grand Lodge,
Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 929. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Loyal H. Gregg, Guardian
Ad litem for Bonn Kraus Ginsburg, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. The alternative motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is also denied.
No. 19. Mastro Plastics Corp. and French-American Reeds Manu-
facturing Co., Inc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for rehearing denied. The motion for correction of the
opinion is also denied.
No. 222. Preferred Insurance Company, a Corporation, et al., pe-
titioners, v. United States of America. The motion for leave to file
a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 383. General Box Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 496. National Lawyers Guild, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States;

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
287
No. 761. Olin Mathieson Chemical Corporation, a Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. The Western States Cutlery and Manufacturing Company,
a Corporation, et al.;
No. 772. Nevada-Pacific Development Corporation et al., petition-
ers, v. Harley W. Gustin;
No. 802. Union Oil Company of California, a Corporation, appel-
lant, v. The People of the State of California;
No. 830. Philip F. Boynton, petitioner, v. Rea Forhan Pedrick, as
Administratrix of the Estate of William J. Pedrick, Deceased, etc.;
and
No. 834. Virgil Floyd, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 2, Misc. Tony Giarratano, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 4, Misc. Jules Hopkins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 75, Misc. Joseph Simpson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 174, Misc. John Edward Crockard, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 218, Misc. William DuPont, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 439, Misc. James Stanton, petitioner, v. Latham Castle, Attor-
ney General of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 509, Misc. Michael J. Rock, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb,
Warden, California State Prison at Soledad, California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 515, Misc. Glen Williams, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 549, Misc. Warner Williams, non compos mentis, etc., peti-
tioner, v. United States of America, Owner of the Steamship "Nelson
W. Aldrich", and Moore-McCormack Lines, its agent. Petition for

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
288
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 573, Misc. James C. Hartfield, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 607, Misc. Kenneth V. Woolridge, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 631, Misc. Robert E. Askins, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 670, Misc. Earnest Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 676, Misc. Danny Allen Davis, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 696, Misc. Raymond Carl Brown and Leonard Frank Hogue,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 702, Misc. Gladys M. Tillotson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 728, Misc. Carmelo Sansone, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 741, Misc. Carl Close, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 769, Misc. Jack Rogers Stokes, petitioner, v. The State of
North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of North Carolina denied.
No. 770, Misc. Waverly Richardson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 789, Misc. Chester Davis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 792, Misc. Francis Stelloh, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
289
No. 796, Misc. Leona Ethel Legg, petitioner, v. United Benefit Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 797, Misc. John Henry Tune, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 799, Misc. John F. Corbin, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 772, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied without prejudice to an application for a writ
of habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 5, Misc. John Joseph Merkie, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 740, Misc. Louis Silas Horn, Jr., petitioner, v. Honorable
Arthur J. Mellott, District Judge, United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus denied.
No. 788, Misc. Marshall Clark, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Application denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that John T. Fey be appointed Clerk of this Court
to succeed Harold B. Willey effective at the close of business June 30,
1956, and that he take the oath of office and give bond as required
by statute and the order of this Court entered November 22, 1948.
ORDER
It is ordered that Crombie J. D. Garrett be appointed a Deputy
Clerk of this Court effective at the close of business June 30, 1956.
1

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1956
290
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
'All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.