I
OCTOBER TERM, 1958
STATISTICS
Original Appellate
Miscel-
Total
laneous
Number of cases on dockets_
15
1,041
1,006
2,062
Cases disposed of
3
886
892
1, 781
Remaining on dockets ___
12
155
114
281
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions___
By per curiam opinions or orders__.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases).
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_.
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
116
126
3
641
By written opinions….
By per curiam opinions or orders_____
9
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____
716
By denial or withdrawal of other applications_
By dismissal of appeal
By transfer to Appellate Docket….
123
26
18
Number of written opinions.
99
Number of printed per curiam opinions__
19
Number of petitions for certiorari granted
---
108
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned_____
29
Number of admissions to bar_
2,351
REFERENCE INDEX
August Special Term convened August 28, 1958, adjourned
September 29, 1958.
Announcement of, August 25, 1958.
Convened August 28, 1958-
Arguments on motion to vacate order staying man-
date CA-8___
Reconvened September 11, 1958____
Argument on writ of certiorari September 11, 1958….
520278-59--1
Page
A
A
C
D

II
August Special Term-(Continued)
Per curiam opinion announced September 12, 1958__
Adjourned until "further order of the Court" September
12, 1958
Opinion September 29, 1958-
Adjourned September 29, 1958_.
Page
E
F
F
DEE2
Concurring opinion announced October 6, 1958 ___
October Term, 1958, convened October 6, 1958, and adjourned
June 29, 1959.
Burton, J., Retirement announced-correspondence October
13, 1958____
Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit ____
Stewart, J., Commission (recess appointment) read and oath
taken (October 14, 1958); permanent commission recorded
and oath taken (May 18, 1959) –.
Reed, J., Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit
Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Claims.
Brennan, J., Temporarily assigned to Second Circuit ____
James R. Browning, oath taken as Clerk (August 15, 1958)
(Black, J.).
Allotment order (October 14, 1958)
3
149
41, 253
54
66
329
43
Entire day devoted to delivery of opinions (10 opinions, 17
pieces) June 22, 1959--
Conference Room Sessions (874 Misc., O.T. 1957) (No.
County School Board of Prince Edward County,
306
272,315
Virginia v. Allen, et al
National Archives-Officers of Court authorized to transfer
documents and records as they become 50 years old. Clerk
instructed to supervise transfer and make appropriate reports
to the Court (June 29, 1959).
Motion to disqualify certain Justices from consideration of pe-
tition for mandamus denied (320 Misc.) ---
Abatement:
Appeal dismissed as abated as to one appellant on sug-
gestion of death (466).
40
204
Appeals:
Dismissed for reason that notice thereof was not filed
within time provided by law (454)--
120
Jurisdiction noted with four Justices filing dissenting
memorandum and one Justice disqualified (099)_
Dismissed, certiorari granted and judgment vacated (169) –
Dismissed in opinion after argument and certiorari
granted (175, 463)--
294
250
306

III
Argument:
Pro hac vice (46, 14, 124, 91).
Reargument ordered (57, 263, 488) …….
Page
45, 61, 143, 144
112, 193, 320
Case argued same date petition for certiorari was granted
(1, August Special Term)
On motion to vacate order of U.S. Court of Appeals stay-
ing mandate (1 Misc., August Special Term)
Time for argument diminished when certiorari in subse-
quent cases granted (157, 347, 398) --
D
A
10, 65, 84
Submitted on brief (other parties argued) (3)--
Motion of Solicitor General to participate in oral argu-
ment as amicus curiae denied with two Justices dissent-
ing (56)
Motion to continue denied (41).
Court fixed order of argument (1 Misc. and 1, August Spe-
cial Term) __
------
60
9
173
A, D
49
Court set case for argument three weeks after action on ap-
pellees' "suggestion of omissions" from record (5, 6) ----
Argument directed on reargument (263, 488) -- ----- 193, 320
Solicitor General invited to participate in oral argument
(1 Misc., August Special Term) (15 Orig.) -- A, B, 222
Amicus curiae arguments (by consent) (52, 76, 248) -109, 168,
Attorneys:
199
10, 10, 137, 205
Counsel appointed (135, 137, 581, 743) -----
Disbarment of John Harvey Crow with two Justices dis-
senting on practice where return to rule to show cause
has been filed (594 Misc.)
193, 286
Disbarment of Harry J. Alker, Rule to show cause issued
(813 Misc.)
304
Change of name (Lhotak) (Kiolbasa) (Wilensky) -- 9, 185, 238
Motion to withdraw appearance granted (451) ---
Motion to strike name from roll of attorneys granted (No.
Briefs:
,
Allen Harvey Broyles) -
Time for filing merits briefs fixed (1 Misc., August Special
Term) (5, 6) -
Motion to strike amicus brief denied (9, 44)
Motion to strike motion to dismiss denied (495) ---
Motion for leave to file supplemental brief after argument
granted (398). Also motion for leave to file reply to such
supplemental brief granted (398)
136
64
B, 49
49
120
222,257
Motion for leave to file supplemental brief, amici curiae,
after argument granted (380, 381, 512).
257
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief of State after
argument granted (252)
277

IV
Briefs (Continued)
Solicitor General invited to file briefs expressing views of
United States (66, 769)
Solicitor General invited to file brief expressing views of
F.C.C. (371)
Solicitor General invited to file memorandum "in reply"
at time of argument in case which United States was not
a party (39)
Page
9,257
70
90
71
Two States invited to file briefs amici curiae in cases in
which they were not parties—both declined (404) ---
Motion to extend time for filing of reply briefs after time
for filing regular briefs granted (10 Orig., 2-3-4 Orig.,
15 Orig.)
99, 155, 185, 193
Certiorari:
Writ granted 3 days after filing (1, August Special
Term)_
Writs dismissed after argument as improvidently granted
(28, 8) ----
Writ dismissed in opinion (178) --.
Petition dismissed on motion of counsel for petitioner
(petitioner had been executed) (203 Misc.) ---
D
69, 191
203
121
Order granting petition modified and review limited (581) - 147
Petition denied, citing case (672) ---
Denied without prejudice to application for habeas corpus
in appropriate U.S. District Court (99 Misc., 189 Misc.,
251 Misc., 2 Misc., 13 Misc., 134 Misc.) -
187
38,
53, 96, 116, 117, 165
Denied with three Justices dissenting and one Justice dis-
qualified (364) ---
Denied in view of abstract context in which question
sought to be raised was presented by record (560) ----
Granted limited to enumerated questions. Questions pre-
sented by petition were not so framed as to permit use of
regular order (40 Misc.)
--
73
186
223
115
125
Motion to amend petition granted (479).
Motion to defer consideration denied (499)
Denied in view of order of same date granting petition
for writ of mandamus in same case (133 Misc., 187) __ 63, 66
Denied on grounds that no final judgment had been en-
tered (fine had not been assessed). Order leaves peti-
tioners free to take further proceedings in this case in
this Court or in new case after judgment becomes final
(783) __
282

Costs:
Motion to retax costs against "Collector of Internal Reve-
nue" based on alleged statutory personal liability,
denied (130 O.T. 1957)
Motion to allow and tax costs granted where two of unsuc-
cessful appellees had been U.S. and I.C.C.-costs pro-
rated (15 O.T. 1957, 415 O.T. 1957).
Extraordinary writs:
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
granted in per curiam decision. Formal writ did not
issue (133 Misc.) ----
Motion to vacate order of U.S. Court of Appeals staying
mandate. (Argument heard but in view of certiorari
proceedings no action necessary on motion.) (1 Misc.,
August Special Term) __
Motion for leave to file certiorari denied. Treating papers
as petition for certiorari to highest State Court, petition
denied without prejudice to application for habeas cor-
pus in appropriate U.S. District Court (517 Misc.) –
Motion for injunction denied (944) ---
Motion for stay of further proceedings in U.S. District
Court denied (No. County School Board of Prince
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (17, 135,
Edward County, Virginia v. Allen, et al.) –
Judgments and opinions:
435-6-7) --
No judgment announced (339) ….
Writ of certiorari dismissed by opinion (178).
Judgments announced (326, 350) ….
Page
49, 64
63
A, E
229
309
315
92,191, 308
317
192
203
Judgments reversed on petition for certiorari (208, 300,
468, 578, 551, 851, 753, 561, 761) – 6, 70, 146, 192, 257, 282, 294, 319
Reversed as to two petitioners and affirmed as to two pe-
titioners (457) ----
Reversed as to three petitioners and affirmed as to one pe-
titioner; the latter by an equally divided Court (175,
463).
Reversed on jurisdictional statement (382, 587)
316
306
- 112, 154
Reversed and remanded to U.S. District Court for trial
(76)
213
Reversed and remanded to U.S. District Court to dismiss
information (90)
293
Affirmed with instructions to remand to Federal Power
Commission for further proceedings (518, 536) ---.
307

VI
Judgments and opinions-(Continued)
Vacated on petition for certiorari (31 Misc., 82 Misc., 235,
242, 349, 515, 185 Misc., 192 Misc., 572, 234 Misc., 36, 424,
552 Misc., 155 Misc., 67, 677 Misc.
Page
8,9,
48, 63, 120, 121, 146, 154, 172, 185, 192, 256, 309
Vacated on ground of mootness (84, 515, 234 Misc., 504) -- 8, 120,
154, 318
Vacated on motion to permit U.S. District Court to con-
sider plaintiff's motion to dismiss as moot (24, 30, 31) -- 112
Judgment "effective immediately and shall be communi-
cated forthwith" (contents of judgment telephoned to
Clerks of U.S. Court of Appeals and U.S. District
Court-certified copies issued same date and transmitted
by air mail) (1, August Special Term) ----
E
151
153, 308
Vacated and remanded with instructions to reinstate jury
verdict and enter judgment accordingly (22) ---
Vacated on jurisdictional statement (546, 757) -------
Vacated on motion and remanded to U.S. District Court
with directions to dismiss complaints as moot (47, 55,
41)
213,250
300
Vacated and remanded for further action (581) ---
Vacated on petition for certiorari on representations of
mootness contained in brief opposing certiorari and re-
manded for further proceedings (84).
8
Vacated on petition for certiorari on representations of
effect of subsequent facts contained in respondents' briefs
and remanded for "appropriate action” (235, 242, 349) – 48, 63
Judgment U.S. Court of Appeals reversed and U.S. Dis-
trict Court reinstated (61, 62) --
Vacated and remanded to U.S. District Court with instruc-
tions to afford appellees reasonable opportunity to bring
appropriate State Court proceeding, meanwhile retaining
its own jurisdiction and for further proceedings (127) --
Vacated and remanded to U.S. Court of Appeals with in-
structions to pass upon three assignments of error.
Should such a consideration not dispose of case U.S.
Court of Appeals directed to remand to U.S. District
Court with instructions to hold it in abeyance while
parties seek views of I.C.C. in an appropriate proceed-
ing (155)
153
292
306
Portion of judgment remanded on motion and remaining
part orally argued and decided (210) --
204, 293
Opinions Justices concur in judgment with "understand-
ing" as to scope of opinions (233, 63) ––
220, 249

VII
Records:
Motion to require certification of additional part of record
denied (original opinion of U.S. Court of Appeals was
withdrawn and was not included in record) (597) ---
Motion for directions for production of record denied
(480) ____
Motion to impound record granted (339) ---
Motion to strike portions of designation of record de-
nied (175).
Motion to dispense with printing record after granting
of certiorari granted (457) -
"Suggestion of omission of record" filed by appellees
after record had been printed pursuant to designations
and cross designations of parties. Court directed Clerk
to print supplemental record subject to further order as
to costs thereof. Judgment reversed so no "cost" ques-
tion arose (5, 6) ----
Rehearings:
Page
222
103
64
113
136
49
66
309
126
Response requested-no time fixed (492 O.T. 1957)
Rehearing granted after response (492 O.T. 1957).
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief in support of
rehearing granted-rehearing denied (143) --
Reargument ordered sua sponte (57, 263, 488) _____ 112, 193, 320
Motion to recall judgment and reinstate appeal denied
(out of time "notice of appeal”) (454)--
222
Denied on Friday in view of impending execution (874
Misc. O.T. 1957) ---
272
Motion to withdraw petition in view of mootness (peti-
tioner had been executed) (989 Misc.).
Stays and bail:
Application to vacate order of U.S. Court of Appeals stay-
ing issuance of its mandate (No action taken in view of
other disposition on certiorari) (1, Misc., and 1 August
Special Term).
Application for stay of judgment of State Court and pro-
ceedings pursuant thereto presented to individual Justice.
and by him referred to the Court granted pending timely
filing and disposition of petition for certiorari (No.
Gibson v. Florida Legislative Investigation Committee) -
Stay order and injunction of individual Justice disposed
of by per curiam opinion on merits (339) _.
Motion for injunction denied (944).
Order suspending call of calendar entered May 18, 1959; argu-
ments completed May 22, 1959 __
322
А, Е
166
192
309
264, 272
314
329
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1959
Order fixing adjournment date (June 22, 1959) ….
Final order June 29, 1959-

THURSDAY, AUGUST 28, 1958
352 A
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief
Justice.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whit-
taker.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court is now convened in Special Term to consider an appli-
cation by the petitioners for vacation of the order of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit staying the issuance of its
mandate and for a stay of the order of the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Arkansas of June 21, 1958, in John Aaron
et al. v. William G. Cooper et al.
"The order of argument will be:
"1. Petitioners.
"2. Respondents.
"3. Solicitor General.
"4. Either of the parties in rebuttal of the Solicitor General; the
respondents to have the closing argument."
No. 1, Misc. August Special Term, 1958. John Aaron et al., peti-
tioners, v. William G. Cooper et al., Members of the Board of Directors
of the Little Rock, Arkansas, Independent School District, and Virgil
T. Blossom, Superintendent of Schools. Argued on the application
for vacation of the order of the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit staying issuance of its mandate, for stay of the
order of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Arkansas and for such other orders as petitioners may be entitled to,
by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for the petitioners; by Mr. Richard C.
Butler for the respondents and by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the
United States by invitation of the Court.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1, Misc. John Aaron et al., petitioners, v. William G. Cooper
et al.
440278-58--89

THURSDAY, AUGUST 28, 1958
353 B
Having considered the oral arguments, the Court is in agreement
with the view expressed by counsel for the respective parties and by
the Solicitor General that petitioners' present application respecting
the stay of the mandate of the Court of Appeals and of the order of
the District Court of June 21, 1958, necessarily involves consideration
of the merits of the Court of Appeals decision reversing the order
of Judge Lemley. The Court is advised that the opening date of the
High School will be September 15. In light of this, and representa-
tions made by counsel for the School Board as to the Board's plan
for filing its petition for certiorari, the Court makes the following
order:
1. The School Board's petition for certiorari may be filed not later
than September 8, 1958.
2. The briefs of both parties on the merits may be filed not later
than September 10, 1958.
3. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief by September
10, 1958, and to present oral argument if he is so advised.
4. The Rules of the Court requiring printing of the petition, briefs,
and record are dispensed with.
5. Oral argument upon the petition for certiorari is set for Sep-
tember 11, 1958, at twelve o'clock noon.
6. Action on the petitioners' application addressed to the stay of
the mandate of the Court of Appeals and to the stay of the order
of the District Court of June 21, 1958, is deferred pending the dis-
position of the petition for certiorari duly filed in accordance with
the foregoing schedule.
Adjourned until Thursday, September 11, at 12 o'clock.
☑

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1958
354 C
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
T. H. Nelson, of Dubuque, Iowa, and Hilary H. Crawford, Jr., of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Bryce Wilson Rhyne; J.
Delmas Escoe, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thurgood
Marshall; Joseph Skubitz, of Arma, Kans., on motion of Mr. Harry
W. Frazee; M. Wilhelmina Jackson, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Theodore A. Brown; Phillip Goldman, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Ralph E. Odum; and William Paul Buchanan, of
Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. D. Heywood Hardy, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court is now reconvened in Special Term to consider an appli-
cation by the petitioners for a writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit in the case of William G.
Cooper et al. v. John Aaron et al., and a motion for vacation of the
stay of execution granted by the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit.
"The petition was filed on September 8, 1958, in accordance with the
order of the Court of August 28, 1958. The briefs of petitioners and
respondents were timely filed on September 9 and 10, respectively.
In addition, five motions for leave to file briefs, as amicus curiae, and
one motion for leave to file a suit for declaratory judgment have been
received. Three of these were addressed to the proceeding instituted
by respondents here for the vacation of the order of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, staying the issuance of its
mandate, and for a stay of the order of the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas of June 21, 1958, in
Aaron et al. v. Cooper et al. Three are addressed to the instant
proceeding.
"Treating them all as addressed to the instant proceeding, the
motions for leave to file amicus curiae briefs and to intervene and
argue are denied. The motion for leave to file a suit for a declaratory
judgment is also denied.
"The petition for a writ of certiorari is granted and we will now
proceed to the argument of the case on the merits. The order of argu-
440278-58-90

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1958
355 D
ment will be, first, the petitioners, second, the respondents, then the
Solicitor General and, thereafter, either of the parties in rebuttal,
the petitioners to speak last.
"Counsel may wish to obtain the admission of associates for purposes
of the case. If this is desired the Court will entertain such motions
now."
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1. William G. Cooper et al., Members of the Board of Directors
of the Little Rock, Arkansas Independent School District, and Virgil
T. Blossom, Superintendent of Schools, petitioners, v. John Aaron
et al. Motion for leave to file brief of Arlington County Chapter,
Defenders of State Sovereignty of Individual Liberties, as amicus
curiae, denied. Motion for leave to file brief of James M. Burke, as
amicus curiae, denied. Motion for leave to file suit for declaratory
judgment in re Little Rock and for other relief denied. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 1, Misc. John Aaron et al., petitioners, v. William G. Cooper
et al., Members of the Board of Directors of the Little Rock, Arkansas
Independent School District, and Virgil T. Blossom, Superintendent
of Schools. Motion for leave to file brief of J. W. Fulbright, as
amicus curiae, denied. Motion for leave to file brief of John Bradley
Minnick, as amicus curiae, denied. Motion for leave to file brief of
William Burrow, as amicus curiae, denied.
No. 1. William G. Cooper et al., Members of the Board of Directors
of the Little Rock, Arkansas Independent School District, and Virgil
T. Blossom, Superintendent of Schools, petitioners, v. John Aaron
et al. Argued by Mr. Richard C. Butler for the petitioners, by Mr.
Thurgood Marshall for the respondents and by Mr. Solicitor General
Rankin for the United States by invitation of the court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
☑

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1958
-356 E
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1, Misc. John Aaron et al., petitioners, v. William G. Cooper
et al., Members of the Board of Directors of the Little Rock, Arkansas,
Independent School District, and Virgil T. Blossom, Superintendent
of Schools. On application for vacation of order of Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit staying issuance of its mandate, for stay
of order of District Court for Eastern District of Arkansas, and for
such other orders as petitioners may be entitled to; and
No. 1. William G. Cooper et al., Members of the Board of Directors
of the Little Rock, Arkansas, Independent School District, and Virgil
T. Blossom, Superintendent of Schools, petitioners, v. John Aaron
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit, dated August 18, 1958, reversing the judgment of the
District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas, dated June 20,
1958, affirmed, and the judgments of the District Court for the East-
ern District of Arkansas, dated August 28, 1956, and September 3,
1957, enforcing the School Board's plan for desegregation in compli-
ance with the decision of this Court in Brown v. Board of Education,
347 U. S. 483; 349 U. S. 294, reinstated. It follows that the order of
the Court of Appeals dated August 21, 1958, staying its own mandate
is of no further effect. The judgment of this Court shall be effective
immediately, and shall be communicated forthwith to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas. Case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Arkansas for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Adjourned until further order of the Court.
☑
440278-58-91

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1958
357 F
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
No. 1. William G. Cooper et al., Members of the Board of Directors
of the Little Rock, Arkansas, Independent School District, and Virgil
T. Blossom, Superintendent of Schools, petitioners, v. John Aaron
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice.
Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
The Special Term is adjourned.
Х
480278-58--92



MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Seymour Farber, of Arlington, Va., Milton Eisenberg, of Bethesda,
Md., Claude Charles Wild, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Clyde C. Rowan,
of Spokane, Wash., John A. Wild, of Houston, Tex., Raymond A.
Loughton, of Falls Church, Va., Clayton L. Bray, of Fort Worth, Tex.,
James A. Wilcox, of Omaha, Nebr., Thomas Richard Spellerberg, of
Tiffin, Ohio, and Norbert C. Rayford, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Henry E. Kappler, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen; Willis T.
Lyman, of Long Beach, Calif., Theodore Allen Snyder, Jr., of Wal-
halla, S. C., and George Fine, of Natick, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Donald R. Simpson; Wallace Earl Allbritton, of Sanford, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Hayden C. Covington; Richard R. Booth, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. David W. Walters; William Otis MacMahon
III, of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Francis W. Hill, Jr.; A. O.
Kanner, of Stuart, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Jack
Morton Merelman, of Landover, Md., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson
Rhyne; George Smith Wolbert, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. William Simon; Dix W. Price, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of
Mr. Henry F. Ashurst; Julius L. Sackman, of Albany, N. Y., and
Dunton Fort Tynan, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paxton
Blair; H. Leighton Thomas, of St. Petersburg, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Robert E. Kline, Jr.; George A. Weller, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion
of Mr. George S. Smith; Harry A. Real, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Miss Genevieve E. Fredsall; Herbert Murry Ansell, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Murtha; Eva B. Mason,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; William E.
Willis, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick W. Winkel-
mann; S. Regen Ginsburg, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Lewis H. Shapiro; Robert W. Roussel, of Falls Church, Va., on motion
of Mr. Harry E. Howell; Arthur S. Safos, of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Joseph A. Jenkins; Maurice E. Strobridge, of Newark,
N. Y., and Harry A. Inman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Joseph W. Wyatt; Ewing Baily Pollock, of Waynesburg, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Lloyd E. Pollock; Leonard Schanfield, of Chicago, Ill.,
480278-58-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1958
2
and William P. Rosenthal, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Herbert
Pittle; John K. Lewis, of Miami, Fla., and Milton Kelner, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Wender; Edward P. Simmet, of
Detroit, Mich., and Joseph J. Kay, Jr., of Reno, Nev., on motion of
Mr. Temple W. Seay; Foster D. Arnett, of Knoxville, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. Thomas B. Van Poole, Jr.; James Rosslyn Weems, of
Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mrs. Eleanor H. Haley; Clyde W.
Woody, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Eugene A. Jenkins, Jr.;
William Thomas Bowden, of Weatherford, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Frank P. Tipton; Robert D. Witte, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. James Beatty Davis; Eleanor Jackson Piel, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg; Robert Warren Cummins, of
Harrison, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.; Thomas S.
Masuda, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Theodore H. Haas; Leo
Rosen, of Miami, Fla., and Herbert Tobias Simon, of Miami, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Charles P. West; Herman E. Friedrich, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Spencer B. Michael; and Richard
Bernard Rutledge, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Curtis F.
McClane, were admitted to practice.
No. 1. August Special Term, 1958. William G. Cooper et al.,
Members of the Board of Directors of the Little Rock, Arkansas Inde-
pendent School District, and Virgil T. Blossom, Superintendent of
Schools, petitioners, v. John Aaron, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Adjourned until Monday, October 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
15 (16, and 19), and 20.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
The Chief Justice said:
"With the concurrence of all my colleagues, I announce with regret
the retirement of Mr. Justice Burton from this Court at the conclusion
of today's session.
"The last thirteen years of his long and distinguished career of
public service have been spent with us as a member of this Court. He
has been a friend, counselor, and companion of all of us. We shall
miss him greatly, but we hope that the more leisurely activities which
he may now pursue will preserve his health and afford him the satisfac-
tions to which his devoted service to his Government and mankind so
justly entitle him.
"Our appreciation of his services and our personal regard for him
are more adequately expressed in a letter to him which, together with
his letter of retirement, will be spread upon the Minutes of the Court.
"His successor will take the oath of office tomorrow."
ORDER
It is ordered by the Court that the accompanying correspondence
between members of the Court and Mr. Justice Burton upon his retire-
ment as an Associate Justice of the Court be this day spread upon the
record, and that it also be printed in the reports of this Court.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
CHAMBERS OF
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
JUSTICE HAROLD H. BURTON
MY DEAR CHIEF JUSTICE:
October 2, 1958
In confirmation of my retirement from active service as an Asso-
ciate Justice of this Court effective October 13, 1958, I enclose a copy
of my letter of July 17, 1958, to the President, and of his reply of
September 23, 1958.
Although I believe that my retirement at this time is in the best
interests of all concerned, I wish to express my cordial regards and
480278-58-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
4
deep affection for each member of the Court with whom I have served.
I appreciate greatly the privilege which has been mine to serve on this
Court for thirteen years, and I thank each of my associates on the
Bench, as well as the members of the staff of the Court, for their
uniformly helpful and courteous co-operation.
As for the future, although I shall not be available for active serv-
ice on the Court, I hope to be of service to its best interests.
Yours sincerely,
HAROLD H. BURTON.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
CHAMBERS OF
THE CHIEF JUSTICE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
October 13, 1958
Honorable HAROLD H. BURTON,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
Washington, D. C.
DEAR JUSTICE BURTON:
Your gain of freedom from the preoccupations of the Court is the
loss of all your brethren. But we would not gainsay your greatly de-
served right to pursue those satisfying activities that are, of necessity,
so often denied busy public servants until their retirement. We know
no person who, with clearer conscience, could leave to younger hands
the specific task of protecting the Constitution of the United States
and the institutions it guarantees.
Your
Your entire adult life has been devoted to the public welfare, both
through public service and the private pursuit of good causes.
City and State, as well as your country, have greatly benefited from
those activities. As Director of Law and as Mayor of your home
City of Cleveland, as a State Legislator, as a soldier of the famous
91st Division and decorated by both the United States and Belgian
Governments 40 years ago, as a United States Senator from the great
State of Ohio, and for the past 13 years as a member of this Court,
your life has been dedicated to the Government under which we are
privileged to live.
As a husband, father, churchman, public-spirited citizen, and toler-
ant, companionable fellow worker, you have endeared yourself to all
who have passed your way.
Need we say that we, your brethern, will miss you? I am sure you
know that we shall. Without exception, we believe that of all the
Justices who have sat on this Bench, not one has adhered more closely

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
5
than you to the ideal for which we all strive-“Equal Justice Under
Law."
With the fondest wishes for the health and happiness of you and
yours, we are
Sincerely,
EARL WARREN.
HUGO L. BLACK.
FELIX FRANKFURTER.
WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS.
TOM C. CLARK.
JOHN MARSHALL HARLAN.
WILLIAM J. BRENNAN, JR.
CHARLES E. WHITTAKER.
Helen Ann Buckley, of San Francisco, Calif., Alta M. Beatty, of
Washington, D. C., John F. Cushman, of Ithaca, N. Y., Marvin B.
Segal, of Washington, D. C., Theodore George Gilinsky, of Sioux
City, Iowa, Jerome M. Feit, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Prudhomme J. F.
Dejoie, Jr., of New Orleans, La., William Ammer, of Circleville,
Ohio, and Frank Schaub, of Bradenton, Fla., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General James Lee Rankin; George Blaine Schwabe, Jr., of Tulsa,
Okla., on motion of Mr. B. Hayden Crawford; Henry Stump Midden-
dorf, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George Cochran Doub;
Louis Morrison Bruckner, of Omaha, Nebr., Daniel J. Brodell, of
Madison, Wis., Kenneth Jay Phillips, of Milwaukee, Wis., Nicholas E.
Gasaway, of Belleville, Ill., Andrew Steele Horton, of Clearwater,
Fla., Joseph F. Corrigan, of Pawtucket, R. I., and John J. McCarthy,
Jr., of Charleston, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; David
G. Hertzberg, of Detroit, Mich., Harold Noveck, of Detroit, Mich., and
Brennan Baird Gillespie, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harry
L. Schniderman; Philip Tamor Mintz, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Louis H. LeMieux; Vincent V. R. Booth, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Phineas M. Henry; Gerardo Ortiz del Rivero, of San
Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Stuart French; Gerald J. Levie, of Los.
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward L. Merrigan; Jack Wag-
goner Hayden, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Britton
Moore; Milton Black, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Morton.
Liftin; Henry Maxwell Schwan, of Norfolk, Va., and Jerrold Glad-
stone Weinberg, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of William B. Wolf, Jr.;
Rebecca Johnson Young, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. G.
Bailey Walsh; James Thomas Tilt, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Charles H. Appel, Jr.; John A. Blair, of Pleasant Ridge, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Malley; Daniel A. Austin, Jr., of Hartford,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Isadore J. Gromfine, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Bernard Cushman; Byron M.
Tunnell, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr. Kenneth R. King; William

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
6
D. Thompson, of Washington, D. C., Orville Morton Weston, Jr., of
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and Wilbur Chamberlain Davis, of Hyattsville,
Md., on motion of Mr. Earl G. Spiker; Paul Richard Meyer, of Port-
land, Oreg., on motion of Mr. James H. Heller; Leonard Bruce
Mackey, of Schenectady, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul M. Craig, Jr.;
Patrick Henry Hume, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James P.
Hume; Calhoun Bond, of Baltimore, Md., and Robert W. Copeland,
of Tacoma, Wash., on motion of Mr. Paul F. Borden; William B.
Dazey, of Texas City, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Howard Lewis,
Jr.; Philip Theodore Weinstein, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Wesley E. McDonald; Gary F. Sharlock, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and H.
Fred Mercer, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. William B.
Wright; and Milton E. Grusmark, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Thomas G. Meeker, were admitted to practice.
No. 208. John Henry Moore, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis, a corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment of the Supreme Court of Missouri reversed and
case remanded to that Court for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result for the
reasons given in his memorandum in Gibson v. Thompson, 355 U. S.
18, 19. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker with whom Mr.
Justice Burton joins. Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of the view that
the writ of certiorari is improvidently granted for the reasons set
forth in his opinion in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific RR Co. 352 U. S.
500, 524.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 64. Permian Basin Pipeline Company, a Corporation, appel-
lant, v. Railroad Commission of Texas and the Atlantic Refining Com-
pany, a Corporation. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of
Texas, Third Supreme Judicial District. Per Curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable
jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 65. Geo. F. Alger Company, appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Ohio;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
7
No. 98. Odd Fellows Oakridge Cemetery Association; Palm-I
Will Lodge No. 58; Pipefitters Association Local Union 597-U. A.
et al., appellants, v. Oakridge Cemetery Corporation, Village of West-
chester, et al. Appeal from the Appellate Court of Illinois, First
District; and
No. 99. Odd Fellows Oakridge Cemetery Association, et al., appel-
lants, v. Oakridge Cemetery Corporation, Village of Westchester, et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois; and
No. 184. Westlake Hospital Association, an Illinois Corporation
not for Profit, Alfred F. Akkeron, Walter H. Young, et al., appellants,
v. Einar Blix, Webster D. Corlett, Lawrence Moreno, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per Curiam: The motions to
dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question.
No. 86. Jesse I. Linder, appellant, v. Howard B. Collins, Leonard
Pilger and George L. Barton, as Members of the Board of County
Commissioners of Wallace County, Kansas, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the District of Kansas; and
No. 141. Shippers' Car Supply Committee, an Oregon Corporation,
appellant, v. Interstate Commerce Commission and United States of
America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Oregon. Per Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgments are affirmed.
No. 151. Clarence Dye, appellant, v. State of Ohio. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 160. United States of America, appellant, v. National Malleable
& Steel Castings Co., et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motions
to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 163. United States Steel Corporation, appellant, v. State of
Washington. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington. Per
Curiam: The motion for leave to file brief of Berkshire Hathaway,
Inc., as amicus curiae, is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 166. Robert John Grochowiak, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Superior Court of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
480278-58-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
8
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 179. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, appellant, v. Bor-
ough of Sayreville et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New
Jersey. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question.
No. 294. John E. Steinbeck, appellant, v. Lawrence E. Gerosa,
Comptroller of the City of New York, and George M. Bragalini, as
Treasurer of the City of New York. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 33, Misc. Arthur A. Schon, appellant, v. Emanuel E. Schon,
Individually, and as Executor of the Estate of Emma Schon,
Deceased. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per
Curiam: The motion to add the State of Florida as a party appellee is
denied. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No. 35, Misc. Wallace Mack Walters, appellant, v. State of Con-
necticut. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut;
No. 117, Misc. Frank Granieri, appellant, v. State of California.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California; and
No. 144, Misc. Julius Maranze, appellant, v. Montgomery County
Board of Elections, Albert A. Horstman, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The appeals are dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeals were taken as petitions for
writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 84. National Association for the Advancement of Colored Peo-
ple, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Committee on Offenses against
the Administration of Justice. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Per Curiam: The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted. In view of the representations
of the Attorney General of Virginia that the cause has become moot,
the judgment of the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia is vacated
and the cause is remanded for such further proceedings as that court
may deem appropriate.
No. 31, Misc. Mack Kitchens, Jr., and Betty Kitchens, petitioners,
v. United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per
Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the
petition for writ of certiorari are granted. The judgment of the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is vacated and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
9
the case is remanded for consideration in light of Ellis v. United States,
356 U. S. 674.
No. 82, Misc. United States of America ex rel. James Farnsworth,
petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy, Warden of Auburn State Prison.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted..
The judgment of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court for a
hearing.
No. 66. San Diego Building Trades Council, Millmen's Union,
Local 2020, Building Material and Dump Drivers, Local 36, peti-
tioners, v. J. S. Garmon, J. M. Garmon, and W. A. Garmon. The
Solicitor General is invited to file a brief in this case setting forth
the views of the United States.
No. In the Matter of Rudolph L. Lowell. The motion to
amend the attorneys' roll to show the change of name of Rudolph F.
Lhotak to Rudolph L. Lowell is granted.
No. 130. October Term, 1957. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Com-
pany and Robert B. Haines, Executors of the Will of Mary H. Haines,
Deceased, petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith, Collector of Internal Reve-
The motion to retax costs is denied.
nue.
No. 23. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Memphis
Light, Gas and Water Division; City of Memphis, Tennessee; Mis-
sissippi Valley Gas Company; et al,;
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light,
Gas and Water Division, et al.; and
No. 26. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Southern Natural
Gas Company, petitioners, v. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Divi-
sion; City of Memphis, Tennessee; and Mississippi Valley Gas Com-
pany. The motions for leave to file briefs of Amere Gas Utilities
Company et al. and Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America et al.,
as amici curiae, are denied.
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light,
Gas and Water Division, et al. The motion for leave to file brief of
Long Island Lighting Company, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 53. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v. Joseph
C. O'Neill. The motion for leave to file brief of the National Con-
ference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws, as amicus curiae,
is granted.
No. 56. United New York and New Jersey Sandy Hook Pilots Asso-
ciation, a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Anna Halecki, Adminis-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
10
tratrix ad prosequendum of the Estate of Walter Joseph Halecki,
Deceased, etc. The motion of the Solicitor General for leave to partici-
pate in oral argument is denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, with whom
Mr. Justice Harlan joins, would grant the Government's motion for
leave to participate in the oral argument of this case in view of the
important public interest with which the Government is charged in
carrying out the congressional policy for a Government-owned mer-
chant marine and in view of the confused state of the law dealing with
the issues raised by this case.
No. 135. Billy G. Woody, petitioner, v. United States of America.
It is ordered that Clarence O. Woolsey, Esquire, of Springfield, Mis-
souri, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner
in this case.
No. 137. Lurton Lewis Heflin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. It is ordered that Jerome A. Cooper, Esquire, of Birming-
ham, Alabama, a member of the Bar of this Court be, and he is hereby,
appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 72. United States of America, appellant, v. George Donald
Shirey. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 94. Joseph D. Bibb, Director of the Department of Public
Safety of the State of Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Navajo Freight
Lines, Inc., a New Mexico Corporation, Ringsby Truck Lines, Inc., a
Nebraska Corporation, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Illinois;
No. 127. Albertis S. Harrison, Jr., Attorney General of Virginia,
et al., appellants, v. National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People, a Corporation, and NAACP Legal Defense and Edu-
cational Fund, Incorporated. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of Virginia; and
No. 157. Lewis M. Stevens, Successor to Joseph Lawler as Secre-
tary of Highways of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., ap-
pellants, v. J. K. Creasy, William W. McNamee, Jack C. Marshell,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Pennsylvania. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 153. Norton R. Ganger, L. C. Bethart, Thomas B. Hamilton,
et al., appellants, v. City of Miami, a Municipal Corporation in Dade
County, Existing under the Law of the State of Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. Further consideration of the
question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
11
merits. Counsel are directed to discuss the question of whether the
constitutional issues were raised and decided below.
No. 210. United States of America, appellant, v. The Atlantic Re-
fining Company et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 252. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Retail Grocers Association, Inc., and Louis J. Speed, Inc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 76. Klor's, Inc., petitioner, v. Broadway-Hale Stores, Inc.,
Admiral Corporation, Admiral Distributors, Inc., et al. Petition for
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 88. Edgar B. Sims, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 92. Service Storage and Transfer Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia granted.
No. 178. "SS Monrosa", her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Navigazione
Alta Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted.
No. 248. Farmers Educational and Cooperative Union of America,
North Dakota Division, a Corporation, petitioner, v. WDAY, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Dakota
granted.
No. 267. Jack H. Kelly, petitioner, v. Vincent W. Kosuga. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 68. T. I. M. E. Incorporated, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 96. Davidson Transfer & Storage Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for
oral argument.
480278-58——4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
12
No. 74. Henry J. Mills and Osmond J. Litolff, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana; and
No. 75. August J. Mills, Sr., petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for
oral argument.
No. 110. Tak Shan Fong, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 155. Southwestern Sugar and Molasses Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
River Terminals Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 161. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Kentucky Finance Company, Inc.,
and Kentucky Discount, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 174. United States of America, petitioner, v. Embassy Restau-
rant, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 233. Naomi Petty, Administratrix of the Estate of Faye R.
Petty, Deceased, petitioner, v. Tennessee-Missouri Bridge Commis-
sion, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 234. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Mandel Broth-
ers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit and case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 246. Wadelmiro Arroyo, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 269. Marion S. Felter, on Behalf of Himself and Others Simi-
larly Situated, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 276. Robert C. Herd & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Krawill
Machinery Corporation, Kraus Manufacturing Corporation, and
Engineering Industries International, S. A. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
13
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 285. United States of America, petitioner, v. Isthmian Steam-
ship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 218. Emory W. Parsons, Erma M. Parsons, Howard H. Par-
sons, et al., petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith, Former Collector of
Internal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania; and
No. 305. George Huss, Russell Huss and Wesley Huss, petitioners,
v. Francis R. Smith, Collector of Internal Revenue for the First Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. Cases con-
solidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 237. National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., petitioner,
v. Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company of America and the
Equity Annuity Life Insurance Company; and
No. 290. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Varia-
ble Annuity Life Insurance Company of America and the Equity
Annuity Life Insurance Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed
for oral argument.
No. 263. Rudolf Ivanovich Abel, also known as "Mark" and also
known as Martin Collins and Emil R. Goldfus, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to questions
1 and 2 presented by the petition for the writ which read as follows:
"1. Whether the Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States are violated by a search and the seizure of
evidence without a search warrant, after an alien suspected and
officially accused of espionage has been taken into custody for deporta-
tion, pursuant to an administrative Immigration Service warrant,
but has not been arrested for the commission of a crime?
"2. Whether the Fourth and Fifth Amendments to the Constitution
of the United States are violated when articles so seized are unrelated
to the Immigration Service warrant and, together with other articles
obtained from such leads, are introduced as evidence in a prosecution
for espionage?"
No. 81, Misc. Michael Glus, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern Dis-
trict Terminal. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
14
No. 59. Arnold Schleich, alias Joseph Ring, petitioner, v. James W.
Butterfield, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization
Service, Detroit, Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 69. Lenore Rush, petitioner, v. The City of Maple Heights.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 70. Thomas E. Bryan, petitioner, v. Sid W. Richardson, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 71. A. L. Wasson and Wife, Mattie Pallmeyer Wasson, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 73. Charles Padron, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 77. Monrova S. Evarts, petitioner, v. Western Metal Finishing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Southern Counties Gas Company of California, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 79. Sidney J. Massicot, Robert R. Lirette, and James F. Don-
nelly, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 81. Whitlock Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 82. Anthony J. Debernardo, petitioner, v. William P. Rogers,
Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 83. Hulbert T. E. Beardsley and H. T. E. Beardsley, Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Continental Casualty Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 85. Michael A. Matczak and Ernest Stancick, Individually and
Jointly and Trading as Tylersport Garage, petitioners, v. Elisabeth M.
Bryne, Administratrix of the Estate of Alice Mora, Deceased. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
15
No. 89. Morgenstern Chemical Co., Inc., petitioner, v. G. D. Searle
& Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 93. Leland R. Cook et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Sleep-
ing Car Porters et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 95. Herman A. De Pova, petitioner, v. Camden Forge Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 97. Willie Bennett, petitioner, v. "S. S. Mormacteal", her
Engines, etc., and Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 100. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 102. Jeoffroy Mfg., Inc., Roy Jeoffroy and Ray L. Jeoffroy,
petitioners, v. William T. Graham and Graham-Hoeme Plow Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 103. Eldred A. Reynolds, petitioner, v. Royal Mail Lines,
Ltd., a Corporation, and Associated Banning Company, a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 104. Quentin Stroud et al., petitioners, v. Ezra T. Benson, Sec-
retary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 105. Bert Ruud and Emma Ruud, petitioners, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 106. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, a Voluntary Asso-
ciation; the General Committee, Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen,
a Voluntary Association, et al., petitioners, v. Switchmen's Union of
North America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 107. Rex Carpenter, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 108. Doane Agricultural Service, Inc., petitioner, v. A. W.
Coleman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Redding Pine Mills, Inc., a Corporation, and Robert B.
Toogood, petitioners, v. State Board of Equalization of the State of
480278-58-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
16
California, Dixwell L. Pierce, Secretary of the State Board of
Equalization of the State of California, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Third Appel-
late District denied.
No. 111. Jules Pond, petitioner, v. General Electric Company, a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 112. Norman Christian Wolfe, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 113. Ellis B. Grady, Jr., Administrator, C. T. A. of Marga-
rette W. Rodgers, Deceased, petitioner, v. Richard Eugene Irvine.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 114. Board of Supervisors of Louisiana State University &
Agricultural & Mechanical College et al., petitioners, v. Arnease Lud-
ley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 115. Emanuel Riggi, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 117. Gladys Naomi Ware, an Incompetent Person, by Johnnie
Mohon, her Legal Guardian, et al., petitioners, v. Bernard E. Beach.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 118. J. C. Penney Company, petitioner, v. James E. Thacker,
as Next Friend for Jada Thacker, a Minor. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 119. Samuel Roth, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 120. Louisiana State Board of Education et al., petitioners, v.
Alma Lark, Jack Bailey, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 121. Neches River Conservation District, petitioner, v. Briga-
dier General L. E. Seeman, Division Engineer, Southwest Division,
Corps of Engineers, United States Army, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 122. R. P. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. Brigadier General
L. E. Seeman, Division Engineer, Southwest Division, Corps of Engi-
neers, United States Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
17
No. 123. Okemah National Bank, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Earl R. Wiseman, District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 126. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 128. Walter F. Tellier, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 129. Comptroller of the Treasury of Maryland, petitioner, v.
The Glenn L. Martin Company (now known as The Martin Com-
pany). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 130. Saunders P. Lemon, petitioner, v. Honorable John S.
Druffel, Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio, Western Division. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 131. Andrew J. Easter, petitioner, v. Dundalk Holding Com-
pany and Equitable Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 133. R. B. James and Patrick Zurla, Individuals and Co-Part-
ners, Trading as Chicago Board Co., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 138. Mark W. Sackett, petitioner, v. Louisiana State Bar Asso-
ciation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 139. National Plate and Window Glass Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied..
No. 140. Stanley G. Earle, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals:
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 143. Emma Spector, petitioner, v. Ione Lois Pete et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Fourth Appellate District and Supreme Court of California.
denied.
No. 145. Comptroller of the Treasury of the State of Maryland,.
petitioner, v. Rheem Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied..

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
18
No. 146. Elie P. Aghnides, petitioner, v. Margot E. Aghnides.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 148. State of Florida ex rel. Jimmie Lee Thomas, petitioner, va
R. O. Culver, as Director of the Division of Corrections of the
State of Florida, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 149. Hubert Wren, petitioner, v. State of Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 150. William A. Wegmann, petitioner, v. Nickolas Mannino
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 152. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. In-
surance Securities Incorporated, Trust Fund Sponsored by Insurance
Securities Incorporated, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 154. National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. The Republic of China, China Merchants
Steam Navigation Company, Limited, and United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 156. Irving Shayne, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 158. Kenneth Pete Steckenrider, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Record-
er's Court of the City of Detroit, Michigan, denied.
No. 159. Sherrill O. and Doris M. Woodall, Husband and Wife,
and Glenn S. and Margaret H. Mills, Husband and Wife, Petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 162. Howard C. Ford and Lorraine H. Ford, petitioners, v.
United Gas Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 164. Henri Sadacca, petitioner, v. Nylonet Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 165. Wyman Hulan Parr, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 168. Henry N. Walkden, Executor of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Nathaniel H. Woods, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
19
of America. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Cephas E. Sword and Houston Fire and Casualty Insur-
ance Company, petitioners, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 171. J. A. Simpson, petitioner, v. The Kansas City Connect-
ing Railway Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 172. Ernest Kay, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 173. Barney Friedman and Sarah Friedman, Husband and
Wife, d/b/a City Metal Salvage Company, petitioners, v. Leroy Hill.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 176. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. Girard Trust Corn Ex-
change Bank and Florence Fisher Dunwoody, Executors Under the
Will of Mamie DuBan, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 177. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. Estate of George
Rentschler, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 181. Robert H. McNeill, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 182. B. M. Kilgore, petitioner, v. The State of South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 183. Carlos Prio Socarras and Daniel Vasquez Coejo, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 185. Gertrude Arrington, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 188. Glenn Hubbard Hurst and Employers Casualty Com-
pany, petitioners, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 189. 222 East Chestnut Street Corporation, a Corporation of
Delaware, petitioner, v. LaSalle National Bank, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
480278-58-6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
20
No. 190. Taormina Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Antonio
Escobedo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 191. City Bonded Messenger Service, Inc., etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. City Messenger of Hollywood, Inc., etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 193. William M. Langley, petitioner, v. The State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 194. American Bemberg Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 195. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company of Texas, peti-
tioner, v. Nolan Lee Bush. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Third Supreme Judicial District,
denied.
No. 196. Angus M. MacNeil, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Gray. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 198. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Robert Morford Adams,
The Adams Corporation, Adams Holding Company, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 199. American Union Transport, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States of America, Federal Maritime Board, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 200. People of State of Illinois ex rel. Frank Keenan, peti-
tioner, v. John F. McGuane, Edward J. Barrett, County Clerk of
Cook County, Joseph D. Lohman, Sheriff of Cook County, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 204. Mary K. Gibran, as Sole Heir and Next of Kin of Kahlil
Gibran, petitioner, v. The National Committee of Gibran, Mary K.
Gibran and William Saxe, as Administrators C. T. A. of the Estate.
of Kahlil Gibran. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 205. Helen M. Kiefer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 206. Lorenzo White, Joyce Harper, and Ruby Fields, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
21
No. 207. Lee Roy Grant, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 209. Theresa Rita Zawada, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Sys-
tem Board of Adjustment, Brotherhood of Railway & Steamship
Clerks, Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employees. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 211. St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Chicago Union Station Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 212. Orval E. Faubus, Governor of the State of Arkansas, et
al., petitioners, v. United States of America (Amicus Curiae), John
Aaron, a Minor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 213. Allied Chemical & Dye Corporation, petitioner, v. Denis
J. McMahon, Individually and as District Director of Internal Rev-
enue for Lower Manhattan, New York. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 214. George Mastros, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 215. Samuel Goldstein, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 216. National Bank of Detroit, petitioner, v. The Wayne Oak-
land Bank and Ray M. Gidney, Comptroller of the Currency. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 217. Stroehmann Brothers Company and Quality Bakers of
America Cooperative, Inc., petitioners, v. Huber Baking Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 220. Charles K. Harris Music Publishing Co., Inc., petitioner,
v. Edward B. Marks Music Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 221. Joseph Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 224. Joseph John Cannella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
22
No. 222. Hubert Mason, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 223. Peerless Casualty Company, a Corporation, and Bill
Curphy Company, a Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of
America, for the Use and Benefit of Hopper Brothers Quarries, a
Partnership. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 226. General Public Utilities Corporation, as Common Parent
Corporation, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 227. Dr. Alexander V. Spaeth, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 228. John McShain, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 229. Porto Rico Telephone Company, petitioner, v. Sol Luis
Descartes, Secretary of the Treasury of Puerto Rico. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 231. George Vincent McMahon, petitioner, v. City of Dubuque,
Iowa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Frank H. Hills et al., petitioners, v. Colonel Eisenhart et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 236. Idaho Power Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 238. Wilson H. Walters, Charles P. Cain and Keith Terry, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 239. Joseph N. Romm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Lyddon & Company (America) Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 243. Meyer Field, petitioner, v. Nugent R. Oberwortmann and
V. W. Becking. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court
of Illinois, First District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
23
No. 244. Jones Beach State Parkway Authority, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 245. C. O. Hanson, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 247. Leon Rosenfield, as Administrator d. b. n. c. t. a. of Estate
of George D. Beaston, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 249. H. B. McFarling, John G. Scott and Mountain Valley
Sales Co., a Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 251. Atlantic City Electric Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 253. Patrick A. McKenna, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton, Secre-
tary of the Interior, and John C. de Armas, Jr. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 254. United States of America on the Relation of Mildred B.
McCans, and Mildred B. McCans, on her own Behalf, petitioner, v.
Armour & Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 255. Joseph A. Chase, Raymond Barnes, Bernice Budd, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 256. Alaska Steamship Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 257. Schenley Distillers, Inc., and Joseph S. Finch and Com-
pany, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 259. Charles T. Hvass, petitioner, v. The Honorable Henry N.
Graven, Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Iowa, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 260. Madeline Buchanan, Clayton A. Bunting, Byard V. Car-
mean, et al., petitioners, v. Brenda Evans, an Infant, by Charles

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
24
Evans, her Guardian Ad Litem; Oklyn Brown, Jr., an Infant, by
Oklyn Brown, his Guardian Ad Litem; et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 261. American National Bank of Jacksonville, petitioner, v.
United States of America and Title & Trust Company of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 262. Dean Oil Company, petitioner, v. American Oil Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 264. Paul DeLucia, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 265. Robert John McNeil, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 268. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Sara-
sota-Fruitville Drainage District. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 270. Swift & Compnay, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 271. National Biscuit Company and the Great Atlantic &
Pacific Tea Company, petitioners, v. United States of America. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 274. Tug Corporal Corporation, Claimant of the Tug "Cor-
poral", petitioner, v. Dwyer Oil Transport Co., Inc., Tug “Edna M.
Matton", Matton Steamship Company, Inc., and B. No. 80 Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 275. Pan American World Airways, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 277. The First National City Bank of New York, petitioner,
v. Whitney Gillilland, Pearl Carter Pace and Henry J. Clay, Consti-
tuting the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission of the United
States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 279. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Cities Serv-
ice Gas Company and Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth.
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
25
No. 280. The Lug-All Company, petitioner, v. Little Mule Corpora-
tion, Aluminum Products, Inc., and William E. Housel. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 281. Sarah P. (Colby) Appleby, petitioner, v. Benjamin Colby.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 282. Margaretha Thompson, petitioner, v. Fidelity and Cas-
ualty Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court of Illinois, Second District, denied.
No. 283. Wesley Greene, petitioner, v. The Art Institute of Chicago,
an Illinois Corporation, not for Profit, and the Northern Trust Com-
pany, Trustee and Executor of the Estate of Benjamin F. Ferguson,
Deceased, Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 284. Joseph M. Trihey, Administrator of the Estate of Maria
G. Muna, Deceased, et al., petitioner, v. Transocean Air Lines, Inc., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 286. Edgar V. Maher, petitioner, v. Harris Ellsworth et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 287. Reserve Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Donald E.
Marr, as Executor of the Estate of Mary I. Marr, Deceased. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 289. Philip J. Maron, Executor of the Estate of C. Hermann
Scherf, Deceased, petitioner, v. William P. Rogers, Attorney General
of the United States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 292. Acme Specialities Corp., petitioner, v. Joseph Bibb, Direc-
tor of the Department of Public Safety, and Latham Castle, Attor-
ney General, State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 293. In re Raymond K. Cooper, petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals.
No. 296. William G. Burns, Trading and Doing Business as Inter-
national Advertising Agency, petitioner, v. Ben Jaffe, Guarantee
Reserve Life Insurance Company of Hammond, Indiana, Harold S.
Schwartz, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
26
No. 298. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., petitioners, v. Armour and Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 299. The Cuba Railroad Company, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 301. James J. Flynn, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
Division, denied.
No. 302. Gladys L. Matthews, Administratrix of the Estate of
Theodore A. Matthews, petitioner, v. Phillip Matthews, Administra-
tor, Estate of Samuel Matthews, Deceased. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 303. Russell G. Cofer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 306. Muriel Dodge Neeman (formerly Muriel Dodge), peti-
titioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 314. Reynolds Metals Company, petitioner, v. Paula Martin
Yturbide, Verla Martin, Paul Martin. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 316. Will O. Murrell, Sr., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 333. James S. O'Rourke, Jr., and Joan O'Rourke, petitioners,
v. Henry W. Sill and Bernice E. Sill. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Courtof Michigan denied.
No. 384. Tuscarora Nation of Indians, also known as Tuscarora
Indian Nation, petitioner, v. Power Authority of the State of New
York, Robert Moses and Superintendent of Public Works of the State
of New York, John W. Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 80. The Montana Power Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 258. Allied Stevedoring Corporation, John Ward and Michael
Bowers, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
27
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 125. Henry H. Pleasant, petitioner, v. Cleveland Bar Associa-
tion. Motion for leave to file brief of Cuyahoga County Bar Associa-
tion, as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 167. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion;
No. 197. Long Island Lighting Company, Public Service Electric &
Gas Company, et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company et al.;
No. 201. Long Island Lighting Company, Public Service Electric &
Gas Company, et al., petitioners, v. Bel Oil Corporation, Union Oil
Company of California, et al.;
No. 202. Bel Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Power Com-
mission; and
No. 203. Unoin Oil Company of California and Louisiana Land
and Exploration Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Motion of Long Island Lighting
Company et al., to be added as parties respondent and to correct and
amend titles and captions in Nos. 167, 202, and 203 denied.
No. 219. United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank Brewster
and Nugent LaPoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 225. Harry Eleuteri and Edward Danley, petitioners, v. David
D. Furman, Attorney General of the State of New Jersey, and Martin
J. Queenan, Burlington County Prosecutor. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 250. Bauer-Smith Dredging Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Roy Tully
et al. Motion for leave to file brief of National Association of River
and Harbor Contractors, as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Ninth Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 327. Marko Terzich, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to dispense with printing of the petition granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
28
No. 29. October Term, 1957. The United States, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral Eureka Mining Company (a Corporation), et al.;
No. 63. October Term, 1957. Herman A. Beilan, petitioner, v.
Board of Public Education, School District of Philadelphia; and
No. 165. October Term, 1957. Max Lerner, appellant, v. Hugh J.
Casey, William G. Fullen, Harris J. Klein, et al.;
No. 107. October Term, 1957. Elizabeth Donner Hanson, Indi-
vidually, as Executrix of the Will of Dora Browning Donner, De-
ceased, et al., appellants, v. Katherine N. R. Denckla, Individually,
and Elwyn L. Middleton, as Guardian of the Property of Dorothy
Browning Stewart, etc.;
No. 117. October Term, 1957. Dora Stewart Lewis, Mary Wash-
ington Stewart Borie and Paula Browning Denckla, petitioners, v.
Elizabeth Donner Hanson, as Executrix and Trustee Under the Last
Will of Dora Browning Donner, Deceased, et al.;
No. 178. October Term, 1957. John Russell Crooker, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. The People of the State of California;
No. 419. October Term, 1957.
v. Derlyn E. Moe;
Eastern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner,
No. 562. October Term, 1957. William Francis Rupp, petitioner,
v. Fred R. Dickson, Acting Warden;
No. 668. October Term, 1957. McKinley E. Gore, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 947. October Term, 1957. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
City of Philadelphia, Richardson Dilworth, Mayor of the City of
Philadelphia, et al., appellants, v. The Board of Directors of City
Trusts of the City of Philadelphia and Thirteen Substituted Trustees
of the Estate of Stephen Girard, Deceased;
No. 975. October Term, 1957. Fyke Farmer, petitioner, v. United
States of America and J. M. Rountree, Director of Internal Revenue,
et al.;
No. 1002. October Term, 1957. State of Florida ex rel. Walter G.
Arnold, petitioner, v. P. B. Revels, Judge of the Circuit Court in and
for Volusia County, Florida;
No. 1004. October Term, 1957. Knight Morley Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 1037. October Term, 1957. Kamen Soap Products Company,
Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 1047. October Term, 1957. Frank Costello, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 632, Misc. October Term, 1957. Albert L. Harmon, petitioner,
v. United States of America;
No. 669, Misc. October Term, 1957. Samuel Lesser, petitioner, v.
Walter B. Martin, Warden of Attica State Prison, Attica, New York;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
29
No. 670, Misc. October Term, 1957. Mary L. Nicol and Frances
Nicol McKone, petitioners, v. National Savings and Trust Company,
Executor, Estate of Frederick E. Johnston, Deceased;
No. 672, Misc. October Term, 1957. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner,
v. The Town of Suffield, the Suffield Savings Bank, et al.;
No. 702, Misc. October Term, 1957.
v. United States of America;
Morris H. Switzer, petitioner,
No. 751, Misc. October Term, 1957. Richard Lewis Jordan, peti-
tioner, v. State of Arizona;
No. 770, Misc. October Term, 1957. Anne Elizabeth Roark, peti-
tioner, v. Gordon T. West, and Clyde Elder, Constable, Precinct
No. 1, Wichita County, Texas;
No. 774, Misc. October Term, 1957. Bernard Jones, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 777, Misc. October Term, 1957. Bert Crabtree, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 781, Misc. October Term, 1957. Refugio Gonzalez Lozoya,
petitioner, v. Jose Ramirez, Meyer Goodman, Michael Gullon, et al.;
No. 799, Misc. October Term, 1957. Caroline V. Peabody, peti-
tioner, v. Frank A. Gulotta, District Attorney of Nassau County,
New York;
No. 803, Misc. October Term, 1957. Hazel Anna Wolf, petitioner,
v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States,
et al.; and
No. 822, Misc. October Term, 1957. Lloyd Eldon Miller, Jr., also
known as Jack Franklin Warner, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 122. October Term, 1957. The Ivanhoe Irrigation District and
the State of California, appellants, v. Courtney McCracken et al.;
No. 123. October Term, 1957. The Madera Irrigation District and
the State of California, appellants, v. Carl F. Steiner et al.;
No. 124. October Term, 1957. The Madera Irrigation District,
appellant, v. Phillip and Jane E. Albonico; and
No. 125. October Term, 1957. The Santa Barbara County Water
Agency, appellant, v. Maurice A. Balaam et al. Petition for rehear-
ing and clarification of opinion denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 483. October Term, 1957. Lawrence Speiser, appellant, v.
Justin A. Randall, as Assessor of Contra Costa County, State of Cali-
fornia; and
No. 484. October Term, 1957. Daniel Prince, appellant, v. City
and County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corporation. Petition
for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
30
No. 649. October Term, 1957. Local 174 and Joint Council No. 28
of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Ware-
housemen and Helpers of America, et al., petitioners, v. Dell L. Selles.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 189. October Term, 1957. Milton Knapp, petitioner, v. Mitch-
ell D. Schweitzer, Judge of the Court of General Sessions, and Frank
S. Hogan, District Attorney of the County of New York;
No. 305. October Term, 1957. Local 140 Security Fund, petitioner,
v. William S. Hack, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Sleep Products, Inc.,
et al.;
No. 892. October Term, 1957. Gunnleik Berge, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Bulk Carriers, Inc., and Todd Shipyards Corp.; and
No. 226, Misc. October Term, 1955. Robert Lister, petitioner, v.
H. C. McLeod, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 543, Misc. October Term, 1957.
People of the State of California et al.
tion for rehearing denied. The Chief
consideration or decision of this motion.
Joseph P. Cato, petitioner, v.
Motion for leave to file peti-
Justice took no part in the
No. 4, Misc. October Term, 1957. Olan Williams, petitioner, v.
Ross V. Randolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 9, Misc. Robert H. Daniels, petitioner, v. Richard O. Culver,
Custodian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 10, Misc. A. O. Campbell, petitioner, v. Richard O. Culver,
Custodian of the Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 11, Misc. Clay Sims, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden, Ohio
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 12, Misc. M. A. Gepner, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 14, Misc. Sylvester Howard, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York, Monroe County, denied.
No. 15, Misc. John DeSimone, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
31
No. 16, Misc. I. H. Spears and Dr. A. E. Roark, petitioners, v.
Eugene Walter, R. J. Brown, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 17, Misc. Frank A. Siclari, petitioner, v. Marion B. Folsom,
Secretary of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 18, Misc. Lloyd Warwick and Wallace Humphrey, petitioners,
v. R. O. Culver, State Prison Custodian. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 19, Misc. Sherwood H. Mabee, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden of Attica Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Coun-
ty Court of Wyoming County, New York, denied.
No. 20, Misc. Elmer Schuer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Bronx County, New York, denied.
No. 21, Misc. Louis Mainieri, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 25, Misc. Glenn Sleighter, petitioner, v. William J. Benmiller,
Superintendent, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 26, Misc. N. L. Demara, petitioner, v. The Employers Liability
Assurance Corporation, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 27, Misc. Chester Lee, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 29, Misc. Harry A. Luscher, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 30, Misc. James Lorden Anderson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 34, Misc. Clarence Firestone, petitioner, v. Donivon E. Adams,
Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 36, Misc. James L. Franklin, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 37, Misc. Robert Fish, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden
of Attica Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
32
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 39, Misc. Garnett Jesse Bowles, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 41, Misc. Fred H. Shiels, Keith U. Clark, and R. D. Vernon,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 42, Misc. Harry I. Greene, petitioner, v. The Industrial Com-
missioner of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 43, Misc. Dale Konvalin, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 44, Misc. Robert V. Medina, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 45, Misc. Billie F. Rogers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 46, Misc. William Edward Beard, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 48, Misc. William V. Metz, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 50, Misc. George W. Robinson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 51, Misc. Claude Gray, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 52, Misc. Herbert E. Juelich, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 53, Misc. Fred Bridges, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 55, Misc. James Elam, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
33
No. 56, Misc. Cornelius Nichols, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee,
Director, California Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 57, Misc. Martin A. Lavine, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 59, Misc. Mrs. Charlotte Worley, Admx., and C. H. Worley,
Jr., a Minor, petitioners, v. Ross V. Dunn, Trustee, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 60, Misc. Alphonzo Edwards, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 61, Misc. Jerome Kirksey, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. Robert Edmond, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack
Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 66, Misc. Samuel L. Culley, petitioner, v. Warden of the Mary-
land House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 67, Misc. George E. Wise, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 68, Misc. Robert W. Crawford, petitioner, v. The Circuit Court
of Lucas County et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 70, Misc. Kathleen M. Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hur-
tado, Individually and as Executrix of the Last Will and Testament of
Josephine B. McConnon, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 71, Misc. William Howard Dunn, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 72, Misc. Carl E. Stout, petitioner, v. Douglas C. Rigg,
Warden, Minnesota State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 74, Misc. Walter Bombard, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
34
No. 75, Misc. Allen Jones, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superintend-
ent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 79, Misc. Enrico Cosimo, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 83, Misc. Joseph Wilkinson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 88, Misc. Archie L. Hampton, petitioner, v. John DeBlaay et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 89, Misc. Robert W. Beach, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 90, Misc. David Blackney, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 92, Misc. Robert L. Hagan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. Grover Cleveland McDaniel, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, California State Prison. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 95, Misc. Henry H. Staples, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 96, Misc. Thomas Meers, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 97, Misc. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 98, Misc. William K. Powell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Alabama denied.
No. 101, Misc. George L. Curry, petitioner, v. Wallace C. Ragen
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
35
No. 102, Misc. Dominick Graziano, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 103, Misc. Richard E. Tate, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 105, Misc. George Watkins, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 108, Misc. John G. Hanley, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 109, Misc. Roberto Martinez Hernandez, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. David Cornell Latimer, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 112, Misc. Freddie Williams, petitioner, v. The State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 114, Misc. Benjamin Kominski, petitioner, v. State of Dela-
ware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Delaware denied.
No. 115, Misc. Colie T. Abney, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Superintendent of Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 118, Misc. Roosevelt Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 119, Misc. James McClanahan, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Recorder's
Court of the City of Detroit, Michigan, denied.
No. 121, Misc. Wayne W. Powers, petitioner, v. Bob J. Rhay,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 123, Misc. J. H. Hollis, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 124, Misc. Amos Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
36
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 128, Misc. Bernard Fletcher, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 130, Misc. Charles R. Spangler, petitioner, v. Hon. John H.
Daily, Judge pro tem, Marion Criminal Court, Division Two. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 132, Misc. George Scott Moore, Jr., petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 135, Misc. William Oscar McCoy, Jr., petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Pepersack, Warden of Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 137, Misc. William Brady Trigg, petitioner, v. State of In-
diana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of In-
diana denied.
No. 138, Misc. Lindsey McDaniel and Thomas Williams, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 140, Misc. Abram Chalupowitz, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 142, Misc. William Person, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 143, Misc. Theodore Green, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 146, Misc. George Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 147, Misc. Louis Grubbs, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 149, Misc. Blossom Vigdor, petitioner, v. Philip Young, Chair-
man, et al., Members, United States Civil Service Commission, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 150, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Henry
Paylor, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell, Warden, Western State Peni-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
37
tentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 153, Misc. Elmer Tahtinen, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 154, Misc. James E. Papworth, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 158, Misc. Glenn M. Bliss, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Wyo-
ming County, New York, denied.
No. 159, Misc. Walter Allen Hamilton, petitioner, v. Warden of
the Maryland House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 160, Misc. Max Bander, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 161, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Bernard B.
Weksler, Nolan Popenhager, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 162, Misc. Pablo Castro Falu, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 166, Misc. Edward Griffin, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 167, Misc. Harry DeStefano, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 175, Misc. George Harris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 176, Misc. Russell L. Hayes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 177, Misc. Benjamin Petrolia, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 182, Misc. Charles Worth, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
38
No. 187, Misc. Joe Smith, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 188, Misc. Howard E. Armpreister, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 208, Misc. Howard Woolsey, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 209, Misc. Ted Bailey, petitioner, v. State of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 211, Misc. Charles Phillips, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 212, Misc. James Wilson, Relator and Best Friend of Clifford
Jefferson, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson, Warden of the California
State Prison at San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 216, Misc. Walter H. Ruby et ux., petitioners, v. L. Pierce
Bowlus, Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 218, Misc. John J. Martin, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 219, Misc. Walter Sypniewski, petitioner, v. Raymond J.
Buchkoe, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 91, Misc. Wyman W. Graeber, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari and other relief to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 93, Misc. Raymond S. Mathison, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari and other relief to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 172, Misc. Thomas Smith, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari and other relief to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 204, Misc. Paul Eugene Walker, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari and other relief
to the District Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 99, Misc. James Tuscano, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
39
Texas denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas
corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 86, Misc. Benjamin F. Taylor, Jr., petitioner, v. Benjamin S.
Adamowski et al.;
No. 104, Misc. Charles W. Bowman, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden of Ohio State Penitentiary;
No. 106, Misc. H. Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 107, Misc. Carl Smith, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden, Maryland Penitentiary;
No. 139, Misc. Yancey Harrison, Jr., petitioner, v. R. O. Settle,
Warden, Medical Center for Federal Prisoners;
No. 151, Misc. Ralph W. Lamb, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California;
No. 157, Misc. Ralph Silvestri, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of California State Prison at Folsom;
No. 163, Misc. Robert J. Morgan, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden of the Indiana State Prison;
No. 164, Misc. Cecil Griffin, petitioner, v. State of Florida;
No. 174, Misc. Arnold Bien, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden;
No. 178, Misc. James Robert Palmer, petitioner, v. William P.
Rogers, Attorney General of the United States, et al.;
No. 184, Misc. Carlisle Hyder, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston,
Warden of State Penitentiary at Rockview, Bellefonte, Pennsyl-
vania;
No. 191, Misc. Harley Lee Wahl, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden of the Indiana State Prison;
No. 194, Misc. George Dewey Stoneking, petitioner, v. C. H.
Looney, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas;
and
No. 202, Misc. William B. Neal, petitioner, v. E. J. Uffelman,
Superintendent of Illinois Security Hospital. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 8, Misc. James N. Lewis, petitioner, v. Richard O. Culver,
Director and Coordinator of Florida Correctional Institutions;
No. 23, Misc. James C. Brown, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia Penitentiary;
No. 28, Misc. William T. McCarthy, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jack-
son, Warden, Clinton Prison;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1958
40
No. 76, Misc. Elyette Cornelious, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden of Attica Prison; and
No. 152, Misc. John Wilson, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers sub-
àmitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 141, Misc. In the Matter of Angus Sanguigni, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other
relief denied.
No. 168, Misc. Louis E. Hughes and Tecumseh Stewart, petitioners,
v. Honorable Thomas P. Thornton et al. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 220, Misc. John William Powell, Sylvia Campbell Powell and
Julian Schuman, petitioners, v. United States District Court for the
Northern District of California, Southern Division, et al. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus, prohibition or injunction
denied.
No. 320, Misc. Puritan Church Building Fund, Harrison Parker
and Edith S. Parker, Trustees, petitioners, v. Honorable Henry W.
Edgerton, Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit, et al. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus and motion to disqualify denied.
No. 13. Federal Housing Administration, appellant, v. The Dar-
lington, Inc. Argued by Mr. Alan S. Rosenthal for the appellant and
by Mr. J. C. Long for the appellee. Memorandum to come.
No. 15. American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Frisco Transportation Company;
No. 16. Railway Labor Executives' Association et al., appellants, v.
Frisco Transportation Company; and
No. 19. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frisco
Transportation Company. Argued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for
the appellant in No. 19, by Mr. Peter T. Beardsley for the appellants
in Nos. 15 and 16, and by Mr. Ernest D. Grinnell, Jr., for the appellee
in all three cases. Memoranda to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
12, 33, and 38.
✓

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
The Chief Justice said:
"Yesterday the Court with regret noted the retirement of Mr. Jus-
tice Burton. Today we welcome his successor.
"The President has appointed the Honorable Potter Stewart of
Ohio, a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit, to succeed Mr. Justice Burton. Justice Stewart has taken
the Constitutional Oath administered by the Chief Justice. He is
now present in Court. The Clerk will read his commission. He will
then take the Judicial Oath, to be administered by the Clerk, after
which the Marshal will escort him to his seat on the Bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"TO ALL WHO SHALL SEE THESE PRESENTS, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness and Learning of Potter Stewart of Ohio I do ap-
point him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States and do authorize and empower him to execute and fulfil the
duties of that Office according to the Constitution and Laws of the
said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office, with
all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of right apper-
taining, unto Him, the said Potter Stewart, until the end of the next
session of the Senate of the United States and no longer; subject to
the provisions of Law.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this fourteenth day of October,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and eighty-third.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"WILLIAM P. ROGERS,
480278-58-7
Attorney General."
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1958
42
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr. Jus-
tice Stewart was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the bench.
The oaths taken by Mr. Justice Stewart are in the following words,
viz:
"I, Potter Stewart, do solemnly swear that I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, for-
eign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the
same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reserva-
tion or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
"So help me God.
"POTTER STEWART.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this fourteenth day of Octo-
ber A. D. 1958.
"EARL WARREN,
"Chief Justice."
"I, Potter Stewart, do solemnly swear that I will administer justice
without respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and to the
rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and perform
all the duties incumbent on me as Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States according to the best of my abilities and
understanding, agreeably to the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
"So help me God.
"POTTER STEWART.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this fourteenth day of October
A. D. 1958.
"JAMES R. BROWNING,
"Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States."
John Robert Stair, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Thomas R. Garlington, of Tacoma, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. John J. O'Connell; Leslie A. Williams, of Albu-
querque, N. Mex., Clarence D. Walters, of Savannah, Ga., and Don-
ald C. Morris, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simp-
son; H. Solomon Horen, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. M. H.
Thatcher; Wallace Howland, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Abe Fortas; Charles M. Harrison, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. H. H. Walker Lewis; Robert S. Bixby, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. David Carliner; Stanley W. Baker, of Kan-
sas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Earl R. Stanley; Francis O'H Searle,
of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Charles E. McGee; Benjamin Mar-
golis, of New Rochelle, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solomon H. Feldman;
Richard Mee Cho Lum, of Honolulu, Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Carl-

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1958
43
ton U. Edwards II; Robert J. Callanan, of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. Louis Pabst Poulton; Ronald I. Zall, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Kenneth R. Harkins; Joseph H. Johnson, Jr., of Bir-
mingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. John Izard, Jr.; John Louis Ester-
hai, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Robert Mead Jones, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Henry B. Weaver; and Jack Hart, of New York,
N. Y., and Myron Engelman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Sigmund Timberg, were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pur-
suant to Title 28, United States Code, § 42, and that such allotment
be entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, John M. Harlan, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, William J. Brennan, Jr., Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Potter Stewart, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Charles E. Whittaker, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Charles E. Whittaker, Associate Justice.
No. 20. James Clifton Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Kenneth R. King and Mr. Byron Tunnell
for the petitioner and by Mr. Kirby W. Patterson for the respondent.
Memorandum to come.
No. 12. Northwestern States Portland Cement Company, appellant,
v. State of Minnesota. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Maun for the appel-
lant and by Mr. Perry Voldness for the appellee. Memoranda to
come.
No. 33. T. V. Williams, State Revenue Commissioner, petitioner, v.
Stockham Valves and Fittings, Inc. One and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Ben F. Johnson for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 33,
38, 28, and 12 Original.
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Robert Bennett Lubic, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Paul
M. Segal; H. Y. Rowe, of El Dorado, Ark., on motion of Mr. John
Pryor Furman; Vincent Francis Kirsch, of Massena, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Charles M. Trammell, Jr.; Robert R. Bair, of Baltimore, Md.,
and David Green, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John Henry
Lewin; George Herbert Goodrich, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Edgar J. Goodrich; Frank B. O'Mahoney, of Worland, Wyo.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; W. Glenn Jones, of Altadena,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas Hayward Brown; Samuel F. Ianni,
of Creighton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Carl Joseph Morano; J. Mort
Walker, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Francis Dennis
Flanagan; Jack Shapleigh Loynd, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of
Mr. John Stephan Nolan; Barnett Warner, of Princeton, N. J., on
motion of Mr. PGad Bryan Morehouse, were admitted to practice.
No. 33. T. V. Williams, State Revenue Commissioner, petitioner, v.
Stockham Valves and Fittings, Inc. Argument continued by Mr.
Ben F. Johnson for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John Izard,
Jr., for the respondent.
No. 38. Railway Express Agency, Incorporated, appellant, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. One and one-half hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. Thomas B. Gay for the appellant and by
Mr. Frederick T. Gray for the appellee.
No. 28. Maxine K. Hinkle, Administratrix of the Estate of W. Max
Hinkle, Deceased, and Maxine K. Hinkle, petitioners, v. New England
Mutual Life Insurance Company of Boston, Massachusetts. Argued
by Mr. Leland S. Forrest for the petitioners and by Mr. Phineas M.
Henry for the respondent.
No. 12, Original. State of California, plaintiff, v. State of Wash-
ington. Argument commenced by Mr. Wallace Howland for the
plaintiff.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
Original, 4, and 46.
480278-58- -8
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Harry R. Dumont, of Arlington, Va., Joseph V. Claeys, of Anchor-
ville, Mich., Benjamin U. Vega, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Allyn H.
Barber, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. John F. Davis; Chris-
topher T. Boland, of Washington, D. C., and Thomas Francis Ryan,
Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John Thomas Miller, Jr.;
Clayton A. Dietrich, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Stedman
Prescott, Jr.; Joel Miller, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr.
James R. Golden; Grace M. Wallis, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Francis Thornton Greene; William H. Helms, of Houston, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Malcolm S. Stevenson, of Bangor,
Maine, on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Warren L. McCarthy,
of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Ashurst; Ralph Leslie
Thomas, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. George R. Douglas,
Jr.; James R. Scullen, of Paterson, N. J., on motion of Mr. Carl
Joseph Morano; Harvey Letter, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Frederick U. Reel; Robert B. Myers, of Rockville, Md., on motion
of Mr. Oliver Ellis Stone; and William Moore Clark, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Gilbert Hahn, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 12, Original. State of California, plaintiff, v. State of Wash-
ington. Argument continued by Mr. Wallace Howland for the
plaintiff; continued by Mr. John J. O'Connell for the defendant and
concluded by Mr. Thomas R. Garlington for the defendant.
No. 4. Emanuel Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Myron L. Shapiro for the petitioner and by Mr. John
F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 46. James E. Peurifoy, Paul V. Stines, Betty O. Stines, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Leave granted
Earl E. Pollock to appear and present oral argument for the respond-
ent pro hac vice on motion of Mr. John F. Davis. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Daniel R. Dixon for the petitioners.
480278-58-9

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1958
Adjourned until Monday, October 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
46
The day call for Monday, October 20, will be as follows: 46, 32,
and 23 (25 and 26).
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
David C. Spingler, of Miami, Fla., Truby L. Hazen, Jr., of St.
Petersburg, Fla., Michael J. Salmon, of Mobile, Ala., Chester E.
Gordon, of Cleveland, Ohio, O. B. Cline, Jr., of Miami, Fla., Willard
Whittinghill, of San Diego, Calif., Albert M. Christopher, of Pem-
bina, N. Dak., and Hope Imogene Case, of Long Beach, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; David M. F.
Lambert, of Alexandria, Va., and J. Edward Welch, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Warren Olney III; J. B. Fernandez Badillo,
of San Juan, P. R., and Arturo Estrella, of San Juan, P. R., on
motion of Mr. Paul A. Porter; Leonard Moriber, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Edward M. Lightfoot, of Heavener,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Thomas O. Moxcey,
of Borger, Tex., on motion of Mr. James Lawrence White; Louis
Lee Stanton, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and David L. Farley, Jr.,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph M. Carson; George
Everett Morrow, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Reuben Gold-
berg; William Ledyard Brewster, of Lafayette, La., on motion of
Mr. Gerhard Van Arkel; June Austin Parrish, of Kansas City, Mo.,
and Tom H. Parrish, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Walter
A. Slowinski, Jr.; Edwin A. Lotko, of Chicago, Ill., and Richard
Francis Gallagher, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Martin Emilius
Carlson; John F. Luhrs, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Rich-
ard G. Radue; Alan J. Hofheimer, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of
Mr. Robert Collier Nusbaum; R. C. Norris, of Akron, Ohio, Stanley
Burt Schneiderman, of Akron, Ohio, G. Jerry Casalinova, of Akron,
Ohio, and Jerry Montgomery, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Warren E. Miller; Robert Joseph Healy, of Bradford, Pa., Glenn
Everell Mencer, of Eldred Pa., and Bennett B. Friedman, of Brad-
ford, Pa., on motion of Mr. Thomas Webb Dodge; Ormond Somer-
ville, of Birmingham, Ala., and Reid Boylston Barnes, of Birming-
ham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Daniel John Meador; Arthur Blasberg,
Jr., of Tarrytown, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick Zazove; E.
Frederick Velikanje, of Yakima, Wash., on motion of Mr. Vern
Countryman; and James Clare Hamill, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Charles E. Dierker, were admitted to practice.
480278-58-
-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
The Chief Justice said:
48
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 266. Stephen J. Kovrak, appellant, v. S. Regen Ginsburg,
Chairman, Robert F. Lehman, George P. Williams III, etc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District;
No. 273. Boston Five Cents Savings Bank et al., appellants, v.
City of New Bedford. Appeal from the Superior Court of Massa-
chusetts, Bristol County; and
No. 297. Graham-White Sales Corporation and D. Allcott Kelly, as
President of Graham-White Sales Corporation, appellants, v. The
Prime Manufacturing Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 295. New Orleans City Park Improvement Association, appel-
lant, v. Mandeville Detiege, Individually and on Behalf of Others
Similarly Situated, et al. Appeal from the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is
affirmed.
No. 125, Misc. John F. Mounts, appellant, v. State of West Vir-
ginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari
is denied.
No. 235. Sangamon Valley Television Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America, Federal Communications Commission,
Signal Hill Telecasting Corporation, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari
is granted. In view of the representations in the Solicitor General's
brief on pages 7 and 8, concerning testimony given before the Sub-
committee of Legislative Oversight of the House Committee on Inter-
state and Foreign Commerce subsequent to the decision by the Court
of Appeals in this case, the judgment of the Court of Appeals is va-
cated and the case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for such
action as it may deem appropriate.
No. 242. WIRL Television Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission, Illiway
Television, Inc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment
of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the
Court of Appeals for appropriate action in the light of the matter
called to this Court's attention on page 7 of the Solicitor General's
brief in No. 235, supra.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
49
No. 235. Sangamon Valley Television Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America, Federal Communications Commission,
Signal Hill Telecasting Corporation, et al.; and
No. 242. WIRL Television Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission, Illiway
Television, Inc., et al. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan
dissent in the above cases. The matters referred to by the Court were
not presented in the Court of Appeals and are not presented by these
petitions. Agreeing with the Solicitor General that denial of the
petitions for writs of certiorari would not foreclose appropriate con-
sideration thereof by the Court of Appeals, we see no reason for
vacating the Court of Appeals' judgments and, therefore, dissent
from this disposition of the matter by the Court.
No. 5. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Sax Enterprises, Inc.; Leevlans Corporation; R. S. Levy, Daniel
Lifter and J. S. Lansburgh, as Trustee; et al.; and
No. 6. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Harry Levy et al., Doing Business as Sherry Frontenac Hotel, Stuy-
vesant Corporation, Abe Allenberg, et al. Upon consideration of the
suggestion of omission of parts of the record from the printed record,
the Clerk is directed to print such parts as a supplemental record sub-
ject to further order of the Court as to the payment of costs incident
thereto. The brief of the respondents is to be filed on or before
November 1, and the cases are set for oral argument on November 10,
next.
No. 15. October Term, 1957. Public Service Commission of Utah
and Utah Citizens Rate Association, appellants, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. The motion to
allow and tax costs is granted to the extent of nine-elevenths of such
costs which are hereby taxed against appellees exclusive of the United
States and the Interstate Commerce Commission. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 9. The Youngstown Sheet & Tube Company, appellant, v.
Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 44. United States Plywood Corporation, petitioner, v. City of
Algoma. The motion of the City of Algoma to strike brief, as amici
curiae, of Bruce Bromley, et al., is denied.
No. 27. Marion B. Folsom, Secretary of Health, Education and
Welfare, petitioner, v. Florida Citrus Exchange, Frank R. Schell, et al.
The motion to substitute Arthur S. Flemming as the party petitioner
in the place and stead of Marion B. Folsom is granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
50
No. 175. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern and Emmett Calvin
Brown, appellants, v. State of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ohio. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. Mr. Justice Stew-
art took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 278. Aaron D. Frank, appellant, v. State of Maryland. Ap-
peal from the Criminal Court of Baltimore, Maryland. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 62, Misc. Anna H. Morgan, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis granted. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits
and case transferred to appellate docket and set for argument imme-
diately following No. 175. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 329. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cabot Car-
bon Company and Cabot Shops, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 144. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 230. Roy J. Underwood, Homer Dawson, Gerard Leone, et al.,
petitioners, v. William E. Maloney, Individually and as Representa-
tive of the International Union of Operating Engineers. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 240. Leon A. Brinkley, Sr., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 304. Josiah E. DuBois, Jr., Trustee of Cherry Valley Homes,
Inc., petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 308. Amy C. Mellott, Paul C. Mellott and Forrest R. Mellott,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 309. Lane Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
51
No. 311. Ray Edward Gondron and Daniel Elchuk, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 313. Carl Beistline, petitioner, v. City of San Diego and Gen-
eral Dynamics Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315. I. C. Sutton Handle Factory, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Ruth Davis, Administratrix of the Estate of John F.
Davis, Trustee of the Estate of Cumseh Bear, Deceased, petitioner, v.
Mary Jones, Administratrix of the Estate of Cumseh Bear, Deceased,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 318. Willie Wilson and Morris Griffin, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 319. Pacific Far East Line, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America, Federal Maritime Board, Maritime Administration, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 320. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. Clark Jeary, Pat Ash,
David L. Erickson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 324. General Motors Corporation, Frigidaire Division, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 325. William Evans, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 328. Edward Simon Wein, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 330. The Item Company, petitioner, v. New Orleans News-
paper Guild. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 331. Charles T. Prouty, Genevieve Prouty Gage, John A.
Prouty, et al., petitioners, v. Citizens Utilities Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 321. Adolfe Cartellone, a. k. a. Joseph Prince, petitioner, v.
John M. Lehmann, District Director, Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
480278-58- _11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
52
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 334. Scientific Living, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Motion to proceed on typewritten petition granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 958. October Term, 1957. M. Meads, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 963. October Term, 1957. Henry Merritt Farnum, petitioner,
v. State of Connecticut and New York State Department of Mental
Hygiene;
No. 716, Misc. October Term, 1957. Henry Merritt Farnum, peti-
tioner, v. State of Connecticut and New York State Department of
Mental Hygiene; and
No. 717, Misc. October Term, 1957. Henry Merritt Farnum, peti-
tioner, v. International Association of Machinists. Petition for re-
hearing and other relief denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 626, Misc. October Term, 1954. Richard H. Davis, petitioner,
v. Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General. Motion for leave to
file second petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 77, Misc. Walter W. Stepper, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden of Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 78, Misc. James Nelson, by Clifton Nelson, Administrator, peti-
tioner, v. Greene Line Steamers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 87, Misc. Mordecai M. Miller, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 120, Misc. Irwin Aran, Doing Business as Auto Nurse Manu-
facturing Company, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Richard P. Thompson, petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden of Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
53
No. 179, Misc. Sylvester R. Winston, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. William Kennedy, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Warden, State Penitentiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 183, Misc. Percy S. Haines, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 193, Misc. Joseph J. Gvara, petitioner, v. Ronald J. Kettle,
Superintendent, Norwich State Hospital. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Superior Court of Connecticut, New London County,
denied.
No. 195, Misc. Percy E. Thomas, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 197, Misc. Burley Orr, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 198, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. William J.
Murray, petitioner, v. L. P. Keenan, Superintendent, Allegheny
County Workhouse, Blawnox, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 200, Misc. Andrew Thompson, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 201, Misc. James Lee Burkhamer, petitioner, v. Donivon E.
Adams, Warden of West Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
denied.
No. 122, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari and for other
relief to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 189, Misc. Luther Bailey, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus
in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 222, Misc. Lamarr Blackmon, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan and William H. Bannan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
54
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 235, Misc. Joseph Alvidrez, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden;
No. 241, Misc. Coy Litchfield, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden of the Colorado State Penitentiary; and
No. 281, Misc. Jerry Williams, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden of the Colorado State Penitentiary. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 232, Misc. Rudolph La Manna, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 173, Misc. Troy St. Elmo and Angie Ree Cobb, petitioners, v.
The Honorable William J. Campbell, District Judge of the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Jus-
tice Reed (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit beginning
October 20, 1958, and ending June 30, 1959, and for such further time
as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28
U. S. C. § 294 (a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court,
pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 295.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 27, until Mon-
day, November 10, next.
No. 46. James E. Peurifoy, Paul V. Stines, Betty O. Stines, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Daniel R. Dixon for the petitioners, by Mr. Earl E.
Pollock for the respondent pro hac vice by special leave of Court and
concluded by Mr. Daniel R. Dixon for the petitioners.
No. 32. United States of America, appellant, v. A & P Trucking
Company and Hopla Trucking Company. Argued by Mr. Ralph

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1958
55
S. Spritzer for the appellant and by Mr. Anthony J. Cioffi for the
appellees.
No. 23. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Memphis
Light, Gas, and Water Division; City of Memphis, Tennessee; Mis-
sissippi Valley Gas Company; et al.;
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light
Gas, and Water Division, et al.; and
No. 26. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Southern Natural
Gas Company, petitioners, v. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Divi-
sion; City of Memphis, Tennessee; and Mississippi Valley Gas Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the
petitioner in No. 25, continued by Mr. Ralph M. Carson for the peti-
tioner in No. 23 and the petitioners in No. 26 and continued by Mr.
George E. Morrow for the respondents in all three cases.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. (23,
25 and 26), 37, 1, and 2.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1958
56
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Clive W. Palmer, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral James Lee Rankin; William Dean Wagner, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Charles Thomas Pearson,
Jr., of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams, Jr.;
Guido Coen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Kalman I. Nulman;
Eli Bernzweig, of Ellenville, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Stuart Rothman;
W. Paul Uhlmann, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Frederick W.
Winkelmann; Robert Andrew Meyer, of Casper, Wyo., on motion of
Mr. James D. Parriott, Jr,; Woodrow W. Walker, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Robert D. L'Heureux; Sidney Barton, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; and Albert Horst
Reuther, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frank J. Soucek, were
admitted to practice.
No. 23. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Memphis
Light, Gas and Water Division; City of Memphis, Tennessee; Mis-
sissippi Valley Gas Company; et al.;
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light,
Gas and Water Division, et al.; and
No. 26. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Southern Natu-
ral Gas Company, petitioners, v. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Divi-
sion; City of Memphis, Tennessee; and Mississippi Valley Gas
Company. Argument continued by Mr. George E. Morrow for the
respondents, by Mr. Reuben Goldberg for the respondents, by Mr.
Solicitor General Rankin for the petitioner in No. 25, and concluded
by Mr. Ralph M. Carson for the petitioners in Nos. 23 and 26.
No. 37. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Lublin, McGaughy & Associates,
et al. Argued by Miss Bessie Margolin for the petitioner and by Mr.
Alan J. Hofheimer for the respondents.
No. 1. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Reargument commenced by Mr. Walter T. Fisher for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondent.
480278-58-12

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1958
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
57
The day call for Wednesday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
1, 2, 7, and 3.
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1958
58
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Ralph K. Rockwood, Jr., of Lancaster, Ohio, Edgar Allen Sil-
baugh, of Lancaster, Ohio, Charles E. Reed, of Lancaster, Ohio, E.
Raymond Moreheart, of Lancaster, Ohio, Merlin C. Parent, of Lan-
caster, Ohio, Donald Clement Miller, of Lancaster, Ohio, James S.
Peterson, of Lancaster, Ohio, James William Miller, of Lancaster,
Ohio, John Main Kelley, of Lancaster, Ohio, Donald Curtis Turn-
bull, of Lancaster, Ohio, Dwight E. Walter, of Lancaster, Ohio, Stan-
ley F. Pratt, of Lancaster, Ohio, Harry Kilburger, of Lancaster,
Ohio, Albert E. Savoy, of Lancaster, Ohio, Judson C. Kistler, of
Lancaster, Ohio, and H. Wilfred Keller, of Baltimore, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; John E. Britton,
of Erie, Pa., on motion of Mr. A. Grant Walker; John A. Spain, of
Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert F. Klepinger; Walter A.
Darby, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James M. Esta-
brook; Alwyn J. Justrabo, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
William R. Furlong, Jr., Rice M. Youell, Jr., of Richmond, Va.,
Robert F. Taylor, of Hartford, Conn., and Robert B. Hutchins, of
Pensacola, Fla., on motion of Mr. J. Fielding Jones; Lionel S. Pop-
kin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Clarence V. Opper; Mayer
W. Perloff, of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Warren W. Grimes; and
Ray D. Nester, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Albert H.
Connor, were admitted to practice.
No. 1. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Reargument continued by Mr. William C. Wines for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Walter T. Fisher for the petitioner.
No. 2. Lovander Ladner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Reargued by Mr. Harold Rosenwald for the petitioner and Mr.
Leonard B. Sand for the respondent.
No. 7. Louis Joseph Abbate and Michael Louis Falcone, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Charles A. Bellows for
the petitioners and Mr. Leonard B. Sand for the respondent.
480278-58-13

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1958
59
No. 3. Francisco Romero, petitioner, v. International Terminal
Operating Co., Compania Trasatlantica, also known as Spanish
Line and Garcia & Diaz, Inc., et al. Reargument commenced by Mr.
Narciso Puente, Jr., for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Silas
Blake Axtell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos. 3,
56, 43, and 14.
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Harriet Putnam Henry, of Portland, Maine, and Merton G. Henry,
of Portland, Maine, on motion of Mr. Robert Hale; Irving H. Perluss,
of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; Robert
Russell Reque, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph R.
Jackson; Peter George Alexis, of Jersey City, N. J., and George J.
Gonis, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Bernard Chazen;
Joshau Gross, of Jersey City, N. J., on motion of Mr. Nathan Baker;
Kenneth C. Schoen, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Rutherford
Day; Anson T. McCook, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Charles
T. Akre; Louis Fenner Claiborne, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Arnold H. Hirsch; and John J. Lynch, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur L. Quinn, were admitted to practice.
No. 3. Francisco Romero, petitioner, v. International Terminal
Operating Co., Compania Trasatlantica, also known as Spanish Line
and Garcia & Diaz, Inc., et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Silas
Blake Axtell for the petitioner, by Mr. John L. Quinlan for the
respondents, Compania Trasatlantica and Garcia & Diaz, Inc., and
concluded by Mr. Sidney A. Schwartz for the respondent, Quin
Lumber Company, Inc. Submitted on brief by Mr. John P. Smith
for the respondent, International Terminal Operating Company.
No. 56. United New York and New Jersey Sandy Hook Pilots
Association, a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Anna Halecki, Ad-
ministratrix Ad Prosequendum of the Estate of Walter Joseph
Halecki, Deceased, etc. Argued by Mr. Lawrence J. Mahoney for
the petitioners and by Mr. Nathan Baker for the respondent.
No. 43. The Vessel M/V "Tungus", her Boilers, etc., and Den
Norske Afrika-OG Australielinie, et al., petitioners, v. Olga Skov-
gaard, Administratrix Ad Prosequendum of the Estate of Carl E.
Skovgaard, Deceased, et al. Argued by Mr. J. Ward O'Neill for the
petitioners and by Mr. Bernard Chazen for the respondents.
480278-58--14

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1958
61
No. 14. Boyd S. Leedom et al., Individually and as Chairman and
Members of and Constituting the National Labor Relations Board,
petitioners, v. William Kyne, Individually and as President of Buffalo
Section, Westinghouse Engineers Association, etc. Leave granted
Jonas Silver to appear and present oral argument for the respondent
pro hac vice on motion of Mr. Bernard Dunau. Argued by Mr.
Norton J. Come for the petitioner and by Mr. Jonas Silver for the
respondent pro hac vice by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, October 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
×

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
John Q. Royce, of Salina, Kans., Howard Monroe Immel, of Iola,
Kans., and Paul M. Steffy, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General James Lee Rankin; Thomas Joseph Reynolds, of New
York, N. Y., Robert Sidney Leigh, of Dallas, Tex., Louie D. Godard,
of Texas City, Tex., and James P. Simpson, Jr., of Texas City, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Francis W. Mayer, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., and Raymond M. Momboisse, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; Royal R. Rommel, of Wash-
ington, D. C., and John Marshall Rommel, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Otto T. Englehart; Thomas A. Quintrell, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.; Richard D. Taplitz, of Island
Park, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Harry R. Brochstein,
of Houston, Tex., and Sidney Turk, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Thomas G. Carney; Thomas Heyward Vann, of Thomasville, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Russell L. Law; Ernest R. von Starck, of Bryn Mawr,
Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; Frank R. Bolte, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Isadore J. Gromfine; Claude Ferris
Baker, of Bakersfield, Calif., on motion of Mr. James B. Pierce; Bene-
dict Cohen, of Freeport, N. Y., and Charles C. Mehrmann, of Freeport,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Seymour S. Guthman; John J. Kennelly, of
Westbury, N. Y., John H. Finn, of New York, N. Y., and William C.
Mattison, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Valentine B. Deale;
LaMar Duncan, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Benjamin
Feld; Edward J. Molik, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Russell
Morton Brown; Joseph L. Cohen, of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Vernon C. Kohlhaas; Bruce M. Barackman, of Meadville, Pa., on
motion of Mr. James C. Pulliam; Harry Klein, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Milton M. Burke; Robert R. Johnson, of St. Clair,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Raysor; David C. Welch, of Laurel,
Miss., on motion of Mr. James T. Welch; Martin H. Webster, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stanley Gewirtz; Glenn T. Johnson,
of Chicago, Ill., Evelyn F. Johnson, of Chicago, Ill., and William E.
Peterson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James W. Cobb; Cynthia
Straker, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid;
William Lee Vaughan, Jr., of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr.
480278-58--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
63
William J. Grove; and R. Jess Brown, of Vicksburg, Miss., on motion
of Mr. William S. Thompson, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 323. Roy Fellom, Jr., Leonie H. Fellom and Neal A. Fellom,
appellants, v. Redevelopment Agency of the City and County of San
Francisco, et al. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 332. Richard Fonk and Amy Fonk, appellants, v. The Town
of Yorkville. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 349. W O R Z, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Communications
Commission. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. In view of the repre-
sentations in the Solicitor General's brief on pages 4 and 5, concern-
ing testimony given before the Subcommittee on Legislative Over-
sight of the House Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce
subsequent to the decision by the Court of Appeals in this case, the
judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded
to the Court of Appeals for such action as it may deem appropri-
ate. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent. The matters
referred to by the Court were not presented in the Court of Appeals
and are not presented by this petition. Agreeing with the Solicitor
General that denial of the petition for writ of certiorari would not
foreclose appropriate consideration thereof by the Court of Appeals,
we see no reason for vacating the Court of Appeals' judgment and,
therefore, dissent from this disposition of the matter by the Court.
No. 133 Misc. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Honorable J. E. Hick-
man, Chief Justice and Honorable W. St. John Garwood, et al., Asso-
ciate Justices of the Supreme Court of Texas. On motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus. Per curiam: In Deen v. Gulf,
Colorado & Santa Fe R. Co., 353 U. S. 925, this Court, having held "that
the proofs justified with reason the jury's conclusion that employer
negligence played a part in producing the petitioner's injury," reversed
the judgment of the Texas Court of Civil Appeals. On remand, that
court held that the question of negligence was foreclosed by this Court's
decision and affirmed a judgment in favor of the petitioner on condi-
tion that petitioner accept a remittitur. On review, the Texas Supreme

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
64
Court remanded the case to the Court of Civil Appeals "with direc-
tions *** to adjudicate, upon its own independent evaluation of the
evidence and wholly apart from the judgment of the Supreme Court
of the United States, whether or not the jury finding of negligence of
the defendant *** is so against the weight and preponderance of
the evidence as to require a new trial in the interest of justice, and,
upon the basis of its said adjudication, to either affirm the judgment
of the trial court or grant a new trial." The determination of that
issue was foreclosed by Deen v. Gulf, Colorado & Santa Fe R. Co.,
supra. The motion for leave to file a petition requesting this Court to
mandamus the Texas Supreme Court to conform its decision to our
mandate in that case is granted. Assuming as we do that the Supreme
Court of Texas will of course conform to the disposition we now make,
we do not issue the writ of mandamus. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
-
No. In the matter of Allen Harvey Broyles. The request by
Allen Harvey Broyles, Esquire, of Shreveport, Louisiana, that his
name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in
this Court is granted.
No. 415. October Term, 1957. County of Marin, County of Contra
Costa, Marin County Federation of Commuters Clubs, and Contra
Costa County Commuters Association, appellants, v. United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Golden Gate Transit
Lines, et al. The motion to allow and tax costs is granted to the
extent of three-fifths of such costs which are hereby taxed against
appellees exclusive of the United States and the Interstate Commerce
Commission. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit granted.
No. 180. William L. Greene, petitioner, v. Neil M. McElroy,
Thomas S. Gates, Jr., and Robert B. Anderson. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 339. Jerome S. Spevack, petitioner, v. Lewis L. Strauss et al.
The motion for discovery in this case is denied. The motion for leave
to use record in No. 641, October Term, 1957, and the motion to im-
pound the record are granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
also granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
65
No. 347. County of Allegheny, petitioner, v. Frank Mashuda Com-
pany, a Partnership, Frank Mashuda, Stanley Mashuda, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 157. Each case is allotted a total of one hour
and a half for oral argument.
No. 335. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 336. Maurice A. Wheeler, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 337. Alvania Mendoza, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia denied.
No. 338. Marie Germaine Rose Anna Bisaillon, petitioner, v.
Joseph Sureck, District Director, Immigration and Naturalization
Service, Honolulu. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 342. Harry J. Wilson, Lucy Wilson, Sebastian C. Bracey, et al.,
petitioners, v. The City of Long Branch, a Municipal Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 345. Laura Beth Moody, petitioner, v. Morris Kagan et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
First Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 346. Carlo Kelly Giacona, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 348. Victor Rainer, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 352. John B. Beard and Helen B. Beard, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 353. Reserve Life Insurance Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Dr. E. H. North, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 354. Ben Babe Shargaa, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 355. Charles H. Tompkins Company and J. A. Jones Construc-
tion Company, Joint Venturers, petitioners, v. Lloyd E. Mitchell, Inc.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
66
Harry Alexander, Inc.; and E. C. Ernst, Inc., as Joint Venturers.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 356. State Commission of Revenue and Taxation of the State
of Kansas, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation and the United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 357. American Life and Accident Insurance Company and
Automobile Owners Safety Insurance Company, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 358. De Fonce Construction Company, Inc., J. B. Cooper and
Manufacturers Casualty Insurance Company, petitioners, v. The City
of Miami, for the Use and Benefit of Complete Machinery and Equip-
ment Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 359. Midwest Motor Express, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 187. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied in view of the order entered this day in Deen
v. Hickman, No. 133, Misc., October Term, 1958. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 343. Eva Cooper, Administratrix, petitioner, v. R. J. Reynolds
Tobacco Company. Motion for leave to amend petition granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 492. October Term, 1957. Walter W. Flora, petitioner, v.
United States of America. The Solicitor General is requested to
file a response to the petition for rehearing in this case. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision in this matter.
ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Reed (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court
of Claims beginning November 3, 1958, and ending June 30, 1959,
and for such further time as may be required to complete unfinished
business, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 294 (a), is ordered entered on the
minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 295.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1958
Adjourned until Monday, November 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
67
The day call for Monday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos. 5
(and 6), 21, and 17.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice.
Stewart.
Norman K. Schwarz, of Miami Beach, Fla., Alfred Donald Mileur,
of Washington, D. C., Ben G. Slater, of Milwaukee, Wis., and Jay
M. Terbush, Jr., of Owosso, Mich., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral James Lee Rankin; Walter A. Kiolbasa, of Chicago, Ill., V. J.
Liss, of Evanston, Ill., Alexander J. Pikiel, of Chicago, Ill., Helen
Fleming Czachorski, of Chicago, Ill., John F. Czachorski, of Chicago,
Ill., Eugene J. Czachorski, of Chicago, Ill., Clement P. Gosiewski,
of Chicago, Ill., Eugene W. Pilawski, of Chicago, Ill., George
Michael Briody, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Leopold E. Poprawski,
of Chicago, Ill., Eugene George Plack, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph S.
Tragarz, of Chicago, Ill., LeRoy A. Mick, of Chicago, Ill., Jerome
Wilbert Pinderski, of Chicago, Ill., Theodore A. Lapka, of Chicago,
Ill., William Howard Powell, of Chicago, Ill., Martin J. Oleszkie-
wicz, of Chicago, Ill., William J. Pinkowski, of Chicago, Ill.,
Thaddeus V. Adesko, of Chicago, Ill., Stanislaus J. Krzeminski, of
Chicago, Ill., Chester R. Wesly, of Chicago, Ill., Anthony B. Mazurk,
of Chicago, Ill., Walter J. Kowalski, of Chicago, Ill., Mitchell S.
Kilanowski, of LaGrange Park, Ill., Charles J. Kaleta, of LaGrange
Park, Ill., Anthony J Kogut, of Chicago, Ill., Mitchell A. Bishart,
of Franklin Park, Ill., Anton A. Smigiel, of Niles, Ill., Theodore A.
Siniarski, of Chicago, Ill., Harry F. Skarzynski, of Chicago, Ill., Ed-
mund H. Sadowski, of Chicago, Ill., Henry F. Jankowicz, of Chicago,
Ill., Rita Jean Kucharski, of Chicago, Ill., John W. Dubbs, Jr., of
Chicago, Ill., Edwin R. Mysogland, of Chicago, Ill., Thaddeus M.
Swastek, of Chicago, Ill., Genevieve A. Zaczek, of Chicago, Ill., Mit-
chell P. Kobelinski, of Chicago, Ill., Evelyn F. Dyczewski, of Chicago,
Ill., Lester J. von Stein, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph J. Kozlowski, of
Chicago, Ill., Mitchell R. Smigiel, of Chicago, Ill., and Frank J.
Wrobel, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thaddeus M. Machrowicz;
Julius C. Horovitz, of Wakefield, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph.
M. Stone; George Buland Campbell, of Portland, Oreg., on motion
of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; Edwin Pryor Wormington, of Norfolk,
Va., William Brinkley Eley, of Norfolk, Va., John F. Rixey, of Nor-
folk, Va., and Spencer G. Gill, Jr., of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr.
John S. Rixey; James W. Witherspoon, of Hereford, Tex., on motion
480278-58-16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
69
of Mr. Ralph D. Pittman; Allan A. Masur, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Julian Howard Singman; Marion E. Sibley, of Miami
Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Barkdull, Jr.; James
Adrian Hoffman, of Missoula, Mont., on motion of Mr. M. Joseph
Matan; Joseph Gregory Walsh, of New York, on motion of Mr. John
Anthony Finken; John Gordon Gearin, of Portland, Oreg., and David
C. Gilberg, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph E.
Becker; Charles W. Merritt, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph W. Wyatt, Martin I. Levy, of Kalona, Iowa, on motion of Mr.
Robert D. Greenburg; Anthony F. Donat, of Batavia, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Harold D. Brown; Harold I. Elbert, of St. Louis, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Edwin Yourman; Patrick F. Crowley, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles T. Akre; Samuel J. Kanner, of Miami, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Anderson; and Jonas B. Katz, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Goldberg, were admitted to
practice.
No. 46. James E. Peurifoy, Paul V. Stines, Betty O. Stines, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Opinion per curiam announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Whittaker
concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 12, Original. State of California, plaintiff, v. State of Wash-
ington. On motion for leave to file bill of complaint. Per Curiam:
The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is denied. U. S. Const.
Amend. XXI, § 2; Indianapolis Brewing Co. v. Liquor Control Com-
mission, 305 U. S. 391; Joseph S. Finch & Co. v. McKittrick, 305 U. S.
395; Mahoney v. Joseph Triner Corp., 304 U. S. 401; State Board of
California v. Young's Market Co., 299 U. S. 59.
No. 28. Maxine K. Hinkle, Administratrix of the Estate of W. Max
Hinkle, Deceased, and Maxine K. Hinkle, petitioners v. New Eng-
land Mutual Insurance Company of Boston, Massachusetts. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The writ of certiorari in this case is dismissed
as improvidently granted. See Layne & Bowler Corp. v. Western
Well Works, 261 U. S. 387; Estate of Spiegel v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, 335 U. S. 701, 707-708; General Box Co. v. United
States, 351 U. S. 159, 165.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
The Chief Justice said:
70
70
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 390. Gulfport Farm and Pasture Company, appellant, v. Han-
cock Bank. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No.190, Misc. Raymond Rockey Latham, appellant, v. R. B. Eckle,
Superintendent, London Prison Farm. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the
papers wheron the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 300. United States of America, petitioner, v. E. B. Hulley et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari in this case is granted
and judgment reversed. See United States v. Security Trust & Sav-
ings Bank, 340 U. S. 47; United States v. Gilbert Associates, 345 U. S.
361; United States v. New Britain, 347 U. S. 81; United States v. Acri,
348 U. S. 211; United States v. Liverpool & London Ins. Co., 348 U. S.
215; United States v. Scovil, 348 U. S. 218; United States v. Colotta,
350 U. S. 808; United States v. White Bear Brewing Co., 350 U. S.
1010; United States v. Vorreiter, 355 U. S. 15.
No. 371. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Philco Corporation. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief
setting forth the views of the Federal Communications Commission
in this case.
No. 288. Oklahoma Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 397. Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. George
M. Day, Administrator Ad Litem of the Estate of Charles A. DePriest.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 363. Dovie Ray Baker et al., petitioners, v. Texas and Pacific
Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals of Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial District, granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
71
No. 396. Plumbers, Steamfitters, Refrigeration, Petroleum Fitters,
and Apprentices of Local No. 298, A. F. of L., et al., petitioners, v.
County of Door, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Case
consolidated with No. 381 and a total of two hours allowed for oral
argument.
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted. Case consolidated with
No. 380 and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 404. Melrose Distillers, Inc., CVA Corporation and Dant Dis-
tillery and Distributing Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to question No. 1
presented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. Can a Maryland corporation or a Delaware corporation be
further criminally prosecuted (in a federal court for a federal of-
fense) following its dissolution under the laws of the state of its
creation occurring after indictment but before arraignment or plea,
such dissolution timely appearing of record in the case?"
Case transferred to the summary calendar. The Attorneys General
of the States of Maryland and Delaware are invited to file briefs, as
amici curiae, in this case if they are so advised.
No. 272. Reserve Life Insurance Company, George Washington
Life Insurance Company and Professional Insurance Corporation,
petitioners, v. Bankers Life and Casualty Company, J. Edwin Larson
and Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company; and
No. 377. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, petitioner,
v. Reserve Life Insurance Company, George Washington Life Insur-
ance Company, Professional Insurance Corporation, et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 360. John Robert Joines, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 361. Jack A. Lustman, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
72
No. 365. Donald George Fleming, a Minor, Individually, and by
Leona Holcomb, as Guardian, petitioner, v. Aetna Life Insurance
Company, a Corporation, Francis X. Rettenmeyer, Executor of the
Estate of Joseph A. Rettenmeyer, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 368. Michael B. Tenore and Joseph Scaramuzzo, Co-Partners
Doing Business as Rico Sales Company, a Partnership, petitioners, v.
American and Foreign Insurance Company of New York et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 369. R. H. Macy & Co., Inc., L. Bamberger & Co., Davison-
Paxon Co., et al., v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 370. Sylvia Schindler Holland, petitioner, v. Norman N. Hol-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 372. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Philip L. Sullivan,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, Eastern Division, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 373. Cameron Iron Works, Inc., petitioner, v. Lodge No. 12,
District No. 37, International Association of Machinists. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 374. Francis L. Harmon, petitioner, v. Ruth Elizabeth Har-
mon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 375. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Alaska Airlines,
Inc., American Airlines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 376. In the Matter of Abraham Teitelbaum, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 379. Emily Baum, Administratrix of the Estate of Floyd
Brown, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 385. Livesay Industries, Inc., a Florida Corporation, and Ever-
ett G. Livesay Window Company, Inc., a Florida Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. Livesay Window Company, Inc., Pre-Cast Corporation,
Lewis Manufacturing Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
480278-58--17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
73
No. 387. Delta Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. W. Sam Edwards,
Administrator C. T. A. of the Estate of Marion H. Allen, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 388. Progressive Builders, Inc., petitioner, v. District of Co-
lumbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 389. H. L. Cravens and Bill P. Yeager, petitioner, v. City of
Amarillo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals
of Texas, Seventh Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 393. Richard Douglas Furnish, petitioner, v. The Board of
Medical Examiners of the State of California. Petition for a writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 395. Pittsburgh Railways Company, petitioner, v. Amalga-
mated Association of Street, Electric Railway and Motor Coach Em-
ployees of America, Division 85. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 399. Joseph Anthony Accardi, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 400. Lewis C. Dougall, petitioner, v. Spokane, Portland and
Seattle Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 401. Georgia-Pacific Corporation, petitioner, v. United States
Plywood Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. William Eugene Monday, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 403. William Loesch, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 405. Joseph M. Taussig, petitioner, v. American National
Bank and Trust Company of Chicago as Former Trustee, Under its
Trust No. 4954. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 408. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 364. Albert George Fouts and Virgil Summers, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. The

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
74
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Whittaker are
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 366. Jessie Ball duPont, Edward Ball, Florida National Bank
of Jacksonville, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Crummer Company
and R. E. Crummer & Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 367. Tony Voci, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 391. Thaddeus G. Benton, petitioner, v. Vinson, Elkins, Weems
and Searls, a Partnership of Lawyers Composed of James A. Elkins,
Wharton E. Weems, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 392. Vincenzo Coscia, petitioner, v. John A. Willard, as Deputy
Commissioner of the United States Department of Labor Bureau of
Employees' Compensation, Second Compensation District, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 407. Stephen A. Sulentich, petitioner, v. The Interlake Steam-
ship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 102. Jeoffroy Mfg., Inc., Roy Jeoffroy and Ray L. Jeoffroy,
petitioners, v. William T. Graham and Graham-Hoeme Plow Co.,
Inc.;
No. 98, Misc. William K. Powell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Alabama;
No. 141, Misc. In the Matter of Angus Sanguigni, petitioner; and
No. 208, Misc. Harold Woolsey, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
75
No. 85, Misc. Rhinelda W. Bell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 126, Misc. Levi Thomas Van Pelt, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 131, Misc. Ellsworth Richards, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 145, Misc. Donald R. Anderson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 170, Misc. William Alfred Dowling, petitioner, v. The State
of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Ap-
peals of Texas denied.
No. 171, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 196, Misc. Charles Edward Stegall, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 205, Misc. Chester Banks, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 207, Misc. John C. Adkins, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 215, Misc. Irene Carpenter, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 217, Misc. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 221, Misc. Mark Lee Overman, petitioner, v. F. T. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 228, Misc. Orville J. Barclay, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 230, Misc. Fay Bizzell, petitioner, v. J. Eustace Bizzell. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
76
No. 233, Misc. Barbara Press, petitioner, v. Alexander A. Falk,
Director, New York State Department of Civil Service, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, New York
County and Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York,
First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 238, Misc. Gordon Lee Loving, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 242, Misc. James Morrison, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 243, Misc. Jose Castro Escalona, petitioner, v. The State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 245, Misc. Hartle Carley Middleton, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 248, Misc. Thomas Clifton Livesay, petitioner, v. The State
of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 256, Misc. Eddie Kirkrand, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 259, Misc. John G. Westley, petitioner, v. Richard O. Culver,
Custodian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 263, Misc. Fred Inman, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. Robert Anderson, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, Folsom State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 270, Misc. Nathaniel Spencer, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden of Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 271, Misc. Arthur Hoch, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Warden of Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of ceriorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
77
No. 277, Misc. Ida M. Smith, Administratrix, petitioner, v. Rein-
auer Oil Transport, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 286, Misc. Joe E. Ghaskin, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of ceriorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 288, Misc. William Tines, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, East-
ern Division, denied.
No. 297, Misc. James M. Irby, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 303, Misc. Catherine La Belle, petitioner, v. State Tax Com-
mission of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 312, Misc. James Janosko, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 317, Misc. Joseph Andrews, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 226, Misc. James Henderson, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 247, Misc. John Brinson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in consideration or decision of this application.
No. 246, Misc. Brodie Overton, petitioner, v. State of Missouri;
No. 257, Misc. Thomas Pope, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary;
No. 280. Misc. Edwin S. Patterson, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden of Ohio Penitentiary;
No. 285, Misc. Charles E. Daugherty, petitioner, v. Ralph W.
Alvis, Warden of Ohio Penitentiary;
No. 293, Misc. Ray Marquis Howard, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tins-
ley, Warden, Colorado State Penitentiary;
No. 298, Misc. Chester L. Oughton, petitioner, v. United States
of America; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1958
78
No. 307, Misc. George V. Arlen, petitioner, v. Attorney General
of the United States. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus denied.
No. 273, Misc. Robert Wright, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden of Indiana State Prison;
No. 279, Misc. William C. Branch, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden of Ohio Penitentiary; and
No. 292, Misc. James Mullins, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden of Ohio Penitentiary, et al. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers sub-
mitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 269, Misc. Dexter Conley, petitioner, v. Lamoyne Green, Su-
perintendent of Marion Correctional Institution; and
No. 275, Misc. Floyd Eineder, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 5. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners,
v. Sax Enterprises, Inc.; Leevlans Corporation; R. S. Levy, Daniel
Lifter and J. S. Lansburgh, as Trustee; et al.; and
No. 6. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Harry Levy et al., Doing Business as Sherry Frontenac Hotel, Stuy-
vesant Corporation, Abe Allenberg, et al. Argued by Mr. Arthur
J. Goldberg and Mr. David E. Feller for the petitioners and by Mr.
Marion E. Sibley and Mr. Thomas H. Anderson for the respondents.
No. 21. Hotel Employees Local No. 255, Hotel and Restaurant Em-
ployees and Bartenders International Union, et al., petitioners, v.
Boyd Leedom, Individually and as Chairman, National Labor Rela-
tions Board, et al. Argued by Mr. J. W. Brown for the petitioners
and by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the respondents.
No. 17. Eagle Lion Studios, Inc., Eagle Lion Films, Inc., PRC
Productions, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Loew's Inc., RKO Theatres,
Inc., and RKO Film Booking Corp. Argument commenced by Mr.
William L. McGovern for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Wednesday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
17,9 (and 10), 44, and 18.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Helen Rose Lally, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Richard
J. Lally; Robert Satter, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Stanley L. Temko, Stanley J. Bowers, of Ashville, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Wm. Saxbe; Edward J. Malament, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. David Rein; Charles L. Widman, of Washington,
D. C., and Val J. Mitch, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
W. K. Hopkins; Eugene Adams Keeney, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Kent H. Brown, of Albany, N. Y., and
Joseph J. Doran, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George H.
Kenny; Thomas J. Rooney, of Alliance, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Paul
F. Borden; Richard T. Conway, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Francis M. Shea; Joseph W. Fairfield, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Raphael Tourover; Herbert C. Barnshaw, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Fletcher Caskey; Lester M.
Bridgeman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Aaron Alvin
Layne, Jr.; Hugh F. Fitzgerald, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. William F. Campbell, Jr.; Robert J. Habenicht, of Richmond,
Va., on motion of Mr. John S. Roberts, Jr.; Harry Paul Glassman,
of San Rafael, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles H. Heltzel; Jack H.
Bertsch, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Carlton S. Dargusch;
and James Nelson Clay III, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Harold G. Hernly, were admitted to practice.
No. 17. Eagle Lion Studios, Inc., Eagle Lion Films, Inc., PRC Pro-
ductions, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Loew's Inc., RKO Theatres, Inc.,
and RKO Film Booking Corp. Argument continued by Mr. William
L. McGovern for the petitioners, by Mr. Edward C. Rafter and Mr.
S. Hazard Gillespie, Jr., for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
William L. McGovern for the petitioners.
No. 9. The Youngstown Sheet & Tube Company, appellant, v.
Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 10. Allied Stores of Ohio, Inc., appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argued by Mr. Carlton S. Dargusch, Sr.,
480278-58- -18

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1958
80
for the appellants and by Mr. William Saxbe and Mr. John M. Tobin
for the appellees.
No. 44. United States Plywood Corporation, petitioner, v. City of
Algoma. Argument commenced by Mr. Roger C. Minahan for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 44,
18, and 22.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Richard A. Knudsen, of Lincoln, Nebr., and Lloyd Cyril Melancon,
of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Malcolm B. Rosow, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Edward J. Malament; Graydon W. Smith, of Boise, Idaho, and G.
Bentley Ryan, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. George F.
Guy; Paul W. Knox, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. James P.
McGranery; Adam Young Bennion, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. L. Dana Latham; George B. Gray, of Melrose, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. William H. Collins; George Schwartz, of Miami Beach,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman; David L. Gittleman, of Louis-
ville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Harry M. Plotkin; Richard William
Rosen, of Yonkers, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Irving M. Herman;
Thomas R. Ward, of Meridian, Miss., on motion of Mr. Samuel H.
Horne; Francis L. Tetreault, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. George Blow; Frank C. Kemer, of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. John Joseph Schlick; Tihamer Thomas Von Pechy, of
Parma, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William T. Estabrook; and William
M. Freeman, of Lansing, Ill., on motion of Mr. Wallace Haynes
Walker, were admitted to practice.
No. 44. United States Plywood Corporation, petitioner, v. City of
Algoma. Argument continued by Mr. Roger C. Minahan for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Edwin Larkin for the respondent.
No. 18. International Boxing Club of New York, Inc., a Corpora-
tion of New York; International Boxing Club, Inc., a Corporation
of Illinois, et al., appellants, v. United States of America. Argued
by Mr. Kenneth C. Royall for the appellants and by Mr. Philip Elman
for the appellee.
No. 22. Joseph Kermarec, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale Trans-
atlantique. Argued by Mr. Edward J. Malament for the petitioner
and by Mr. George A. Garvey for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos. 27,
34, and 51.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
82
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Harold K. Wood, of Chadds Ford, Pa., O. Franklin Lowie, of
McRae, Ga., Lote Kinney, Jr., of Salt Lake City, Utah, James R.
Gallagher, of Framingham, Mass., George Thomas Murphy, of
Dubuque, Iowa, John Bernard Coulton, of Omaha, Nebr., Thomas
Lewis Lamb, Jr., of New York, N. Y., John Joseph Casey, of Phoenix,
Ariz., George William Allf, of Lexington, Ky., David R. Frazer, of
Detroit, Mich., and W. Wade Homesley, of Cranford, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; David A. Witts, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Bryan Woodson, of
Hutchinson, Kans., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; Harold L.
Valderas, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson;
Dort S. Bigg, Jr., of Concord, N. H., on motion of Mr. Louis C.
Wyman; Hugh H. Bownes, of Laconia, N. H., on motion of Mr. Royal
W. France; Mildred Louise Seidman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Elmer J. Kelsey; Edward J. Kelly, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Vincent A. Pepper; Martin Brickman, of Albany, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Alan J. Gould; Earl C. Bolton, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Nelson T. Hartson; Frederick W. Mahl, Jr., of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ralph H. Dwan; Marx J. Borod, of
Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Rolland G. Lamensdorf; William
J. Cleary, of Great Neck, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George P. Hatch;
Marshall J. Langer, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. William R.
Vallance; William S. Miller, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., and Leonard
L. Scott, of Litttle Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. Chas. Eichen-
baum; Charles Russell Hale, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Ralph Leslie Thomas; William Andrew Regan, of Providence, R. I.,
and Edward Peter Gallogly, of Providence, R. I., on motion of Mr.
Benjamin Feld; James F. Schouman, of Detroit, Mich., and Louis T.
Duerinck, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. J. Raymond Hoover;
John F. Meadows, of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Karesh; Thomas F. Wilson, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Lambert B.
Ott, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole; and J.
Lewis Hall, of Tallahassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. J. Hardin Peter-
son, were admitted to practice.
480278-58-
-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
83
No. 310. Boston and Maine Railroad; the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company; the New Jersey and New York
Railroad Company, et al., appellants, v. United States of America,
Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.; and
No. 322. The Chicago Burlington and Quincy Railroad Co., et al.,
appellants, v. Boston and Maine Railroad Company et al. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the District of Massachu-
setts. Appeals dismissed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 291. Murray Whitfield Coulter and George Prothro Coulter,
appellants, v. Garland Anthony, Fay Furlow, James Abbott, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certi-
orari, certiorari is denied.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. The motion of substitute Bar-
bara Bates Gunderson as a party respondent in the place and stead of
Christopher H. Phillips is granted.
No. 246. Wadelmiro Arroyo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion of petitioner for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 378. Anonymous Nos. 6 and 7, appellants, v. Hon. George A.
Arkwright, as Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Further
consideration of the question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hear-
ing of the case on the merits.
No. 326. In the Matter of Disciplinary Proceedings against Har-
riet Bouslog Sawyer, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 362. Raymond Jerean Koller and Martin Silverbrook, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
84
No. 414. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. L. L.
Price. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 383. Howard R. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to the first question
presented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"Whether a defendant in a criminal trial to a jury is denied a fair
trial when members of the jury during the course of the trial read
newspaper articles which state that the defendant has a record of two
previous felony convictions and recite other defamatory matter."
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City
of Thibodaux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted limited to questions
2 and 3 presented by the petition for the writ which read as follows:
"2. Does a United States District Court have the inherent power in
a case at law to exercise the discretion of staying proceedings in order
to control the progress of the cause before it in an orderly manner?
"3. Assuming that a United States District Court does have dis-
cretion to stay proceedings in order to control the progress of a law
case before it in an orderly manner, did the District Court abuse
that discretion?"
The case is transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 157 and No. 347 which cases
are also transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 409. Estate of John Iverson, Mardrid Reite Davison, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 412. R. L. Russell, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 413. Tadashi Miyaki, petitioner, v. Robert H. Robinson, Dis-
trict Director, Chicago District, United States Department of Justice,
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petitioner for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 416. Rosamond Underwood Smith Wilson, Thomas W. Smith
and Frank Stapleton, as Executors of the Estate of Cothran P. Smith,
Deceased, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
85
No. 417. Arthur A. Yurdin, Beatrice W. Yurdin, Irving S. Moorin,
et al., petitioners, v. Town Plan and Zoning Commission of the Town
of Fairfield and Turnpike Associates, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 419. Clarence E. Hodges and James B. Searcy, petitioners, v.
Joe F. Hodges, Sheriff of Warren County, Kentucky, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 423. Tom Cooper, petitioner, v. the People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Depart-
ment of the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles,
denied.
No. 428. Erich W. Berendson, petitioner, v. Rederiaktiebolaget
Volo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 431. John A. Savage, petitioner, v. Ivan Hadlock et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 433. John Raslich, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for the County of Genesee,
Michigan, denied.
No. 410. St. Louis Amusement Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission; Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.,
KWK, Incorporated, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 328. Edward Simon Wein, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 86. Jesse I. Linder, appellant, v. Howard B. Collins, Leonard
Pilger and George L. Barton, as Members of the Board of County
Commissioners of Wallace County, Kansas, et al.;
No. 106. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, a Voluntary Associa-
tion; The General Committee, Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, a
Voluntary Association, et al., petitioners, v. Switchmen's Union of
North America et al.;
No. 133. R. B. James and Patrick Zurla, Individuals and Co-Part-
ners, Trading as Chicago Board Co., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission;
No. 150. William A. Wegmann, petitioner, v. Nickolas Mannino
et al.;
No. 173. Barney Friedman and Sarah Friedman, Husband and
Wife, d/b/a City Metal Salvage Company, petitioners, v. Leroy Hill;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
86
No. 264. Paul DeLucia, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 286. Edgar V. Maher, petitioner, v. Harris Ellsworth et al.;
No. 41, Misc. Fred H. Shiels, Keith U. Clark, and R. D. Vernon,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company;
No. 52, Misc. Herbert E. Juelich, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 70, Misc. Kathleen M. Rousseau, petitioner, v. Virginia Hur-
tado, Individually and as Executrix of the Last Will and Testament
of Josephine B. McConnon, Deceased; and
No. 123, Misc. J. H. Hollis, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petitions
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these applications.
No. 227, Misc. Avalo Allison Fisher, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 274, Misc. Cephus McGahee, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 278, Misc. Joseph B. Montalbano, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden of the California State Prison. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 284, Misc. Kenneth O. Van Slyke, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 315, Misc. Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 330, Misc. Jack Rice, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Director, Texas
Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 316, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, Illinois State Penitentiary; and
No. 342, Misc. In the Matter of Rayford M. Medlin, petitioner.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 54, Misc. D. W. Horsley, Jr., petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, War-
den, Ohio State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1958
87
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 24, until
Monday, December 8, next.
No. 27. Arthur S. Flemming, Secretary of Health, Education, and
Welfare, petitioner, v. Florida Citrus Exchange, Frank R. Schell, et
al. Argued by Mr. William W. Goodrich for the petitioner and by
Mr. J. Hardin Peterson and Mr. J. Lewis Hall for the respondents.
No. 34. Willard Uphaus, appellant, v. Louis C. Wyman, Attorney
General, State of New Hampshire. Argument commenced by Mr.
Royal W. France for the appellant, continued by Mr. Leonard B.
Boudin for the appellant, by Mr. Louis C. Wyman for the appellee
and by Mr. Royal W. France for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
34, 51, 35, and 60.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1958
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Richard J. Woods, of San Antonio, Tex., and William Adair Rem-
bert, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Leigh Ellis;
Grover L. Stephens, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur H.
Schroeder; Mario Louis Clinco, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. David Ferber; William L. Curtice, Jr., of Akron, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Harry S. Wender; and Alfred D. Howell, of Oklahoma City,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson, were admitted to
practice.
No. 34. Willard Uphaus, appellant, v. Louis C. Wyman, Attorney
General, State of New Hampshire. Argument concluded by Mr.
Royal W. France for the appellant.
No. 51. David H. Scull, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia
ex rel. Committee on Law Reform and Racial Activities. Argued by
Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Leslie Hall
for the respondent.
No. 35. Lloyd Barenblatt, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the petitioner and by Mr.
Philip R. Monahan for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
60, 29, 50, and 39.
480278-58-21
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Jack Andrew Crowder, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Bernays Weiner; Julian H. Zimmerman, of Wichita, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Adolph H. Zwerner; William D. Neary, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Emory Clark Smith; Roy Wilford Riegle, Jr.,
of El Segundo, Calif., on motion of Mr. John W. Gaskins; Raymond
W. Richards, of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Thomas O. Moxcey;
Howard Neil Moore, of Blytheville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Curtis T.
Youngblood; Arthur J. Hillman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Charles Walker; Wm. W. Stevenson, of Flagstaff, Ariz., on mo-
tion of Mr. Norman M. Littell; Robert Gladden Crooks, of Newton,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Oscar B. Waddell; Frederick G. Pfrommer,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Mason Clark;
David W. Peck, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edgar J. Good-
rich; John M. Kiely, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Carleton Allen
Harkrader; and Devereaux F. McClatchey, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Joseph J. O'Connell, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 60. Abram Flaxer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. David Rein for the petitioner and by Mr. William
Hitz for the respondent.
No. 29. William B. Cammarano and Louise Cammarano, his Wife,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Frederick
Bernays Wiener for the petitioners and by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for
the respondent.
No. 50. F. Strauss & Son, Inc., of Arkansas, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. E. Chas. Eichenbaum.
for the petitioner and by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 20, will be as follows: Nos.
39, 53, and 57.
Х
480278-58-22

90
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Bernita J. Davies, of Urbana, Ill., on motion of Miss Helen New-
man; Solomon Z. Ferziger, of New York, N. Y., and Robert Emmett
Boyd, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Roger P. Marquis; Her-
bert C. Schulze, of Riverside, Calif., on motion of Mr. Philip E. Sig-
gers; Irvin Slifkin, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph B.
Kennedy, Jr.; Roland Max Etter, of Spokane, Wash., on motion of
Mr. James A. Murray; Marshall Howard Sevin, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Aronin Lippitz; Don Daniel Doty, of
Dallas, Tex., and Benjamin A. Borchelt, of College Park, Md., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Schimmel; Tom B. Markley, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Louis Eisenstein; Starr Thomas, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert Mason Clark; Albert P. McIntosh, Jr.,
of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. George Cabell Busick; and S.
Harold Bauer, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arthur B.
Carton, were admitted to practice.
No. 39. Paul Williams and Lorena Williams, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. Hugh Lee, Doing Business as Ganado Trading Post.
Argued by Mr. Norman M. Littell for the petitioners and by Mr. Wm.
W. Stevenson for the respondent. Solicitor General invited to file
memorandum in reply.
No. 53. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v. Joseph
C. O'Neill. Argued by Mr. Reeves Bowen for the petitioner and by
Mr. L. J. Cushman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
480278-58-23
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
91
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
James Robert Sparks, of Atlanta, Ga., Richard W. O'Brien, of New
York, N. Y., Hugh Reynolds Dowling, of Jacksonville, Fla., William
Harold Albritton, Jr., of Andalusia, Ala., Irving Yelen, of Miami,
Fla., and Martin Yelen, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; George Vega, Jr., of Naples, Fla., and
David Lee Hilton, of Ozark, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas William
Collins; Joseph Anthony Moran, of Altoona, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Hale Boggs; Allen H. Stewart, of Casper, Wyo., on motion of Mr. E.
Keith Thomson; C. Armonde Paxson, of Charlottesville, Va., on mo-
tion of Mr. Andrew A. Lipscomb; Albert Simon Povich, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mrs. Una Rita Morris; R. Edwin Brady, of
Statesboro, Ga., on motion of Mr. Everett Hutchinson; William J.
Erickson, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Rowland F. Kirks;
Milton M. Ganberg, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leon Mor-
ris Shinberg; Edward Walper, of Framingham, Mass., on motion
of Mr. John C. Herberg; Sidney G. Faber, of New York, N. Y., and
Marvin C. Soffen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel
Ostrolenk; Esther Cady Quinn, of Washington, D. C., and John
Charles Mason, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. George L. Quinn,
Jr.; Ernest F. Pence, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and Roy A. Golden, of
Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. William C. Wise; Frank M. Cun-
ningham, of West Palm Beach, Fla., and Isiah C. Smith, of West Palm
Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid; Byrnes F. Bentley,
of Charlottesville, Va., Talmadge L. Bartelle, of Washington, D. C.,
William Beverly Poff, of Charlottesville, Va., Robert J. Reed, of
Ville Platte, La., Ernest Brown Skinner, of Junction City, Kans.,
Thomas F. Shea, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Glenn M. Bradley, of Inde-
pendence, Iowa, Winston L. Field, of San Francisco, Calif., Paul J.
Kovar, of Missouri Valley, Iowa, John C. Kinney, of Pacific Grove,
Calif., and Ralph Herrod, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Stanley Walker Jones; and Remmel Hamilton Dudley, of Arlington,
Va., and Oliver M. Clegg, of Magnolia, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd
Lee Williams, Jr., were admitted to practice.
480278-58--24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
92
No. 13. Federal Housing Administration, appellant, v. The Dar-
lington, Inc. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of South Carolina. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the District Court for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr.
Justice Whittaker join. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 20. James Clifton Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Okla-
homa for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart.
No. 21. Hotel Employees Local No. 255, Hotel and Restaurant
Employees and Bartenders International Union, et al., petitioners, v.
Boyd Leedom, Individually and as Chairman, National Labor Rela-
tions Board, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 17. Eagle Lion Studios, Inc., Eagle Lion Films, Inc., PRC
Productions, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Loew's Inc., RKO Theatres,
Inc., and RKO Film Booking Corp. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam:
The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 341. Ruby Fredricka Shuttlesworth, by her Next Friend,
F. L. Shuttlesworth, et al., appellants, v. Birmingham Board of Edu-
cation of Jefferson County, Alabama. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. Per Curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed upon

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
93
the limited grounds on which the District Court rested its decision.
162 F. Supp. 372, 384.
No. 22, Misc. Robert Givens, appellant, v. The State of West
Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
No. 31. Lanvin Parfums, Inc., appellant, v. United States of
America. The motion of Jacob Rothman for leave to file brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 394. Kingsley International Pictures Corporation, appellant,
v, The Regents of the University of the State of New York. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of New York. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 406. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Simplicity Pat-
tern Co., Inc.; and
No. 447. Simplicity Pattern Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and
a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 429. James S. Patterson, General Administrator for Mobile
County, Alabama, etc., Leonard Lester Sullivan, Melvin A. Hayes,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 415. James Gaston and Joseph Robinson, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 420. Bill Hatahley, Widow Sleepy, Charlie Burke, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Michael Malmenato, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 427. James Crimm, petitioner, v. The State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
94
No. 442. Hyde Corporation, petitioner, v. James Donle Huffines.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 443. G & G Fishing Magnets, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. K & G
Oil Tool and Service Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 425. Thomas B. Rustad, Harvey R. Wyborney, Homer C.
Skelly, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Whittaker are
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 325. William Evans, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 65. Geo. F. Alger Company, appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio;
No. 119. Samuel Roth, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 131. Andrew J. Easter, petitioner, v. Dundalk Holding Com-
pany and Equitable Trust Company;
No. 166. Robert John Grochowiak, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;
No. 176. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. Girard Trust Corn
Exchange Bank and Florence Fisher Dunwoody, Executors Under
the Will of Mamie DuBan, Deceased;
No. 177. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. Estate of George Wi
Rentschler, Deceased;
No. 189. 222 East Chestnut Street Corporation, a Corporation of
Delaware, petitioner, v. LaSalle National Bank, etc., et al.;
No. 221. Joseph Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 224. Joseph John Cannella, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 254. United States of America on the Relation of Mildred B.
McCans, and Mildred B. McCans, on her own behalf, petitioner, v.
Armour & Company, a Corporation;
No. 270. Swift & Company, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 271. National Biscuit Company and the Great Atlantic &
Pacific Tea Company, petitioners, v. United States of America; and
No. 161, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Bernard B.
Weksler, Nolan Popenhager, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 446, October Term, 1957. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Com-
pany, petitioner, v. T. L. James & Co., Inc., et al. Motion for leave to

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
95
file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 100, Misc. Ernest George Adams, petitioner, v. Douglas C.
Rigg, Warden, Minnesota State Prison. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 113, Misc. Vincent Guglielmelli, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 136, Misc. Bart Thomas Snelgrove, petitioner, v. Eli R. Rush-
ing, Warden of Eastham State Farm, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 181, Misc. Raymond L. Scott, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 239, Misc. Irving Schwartzberg, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 253, Misc. Joseph L. De Levay and Madeleine M. De Levay,
petitioners, v. Horace S. Isbell and May D. Isbell. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 262, Misc. Robert D. Miller, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 291, Misc. Howard Kennedy, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 294, Misc. Stephen Morales and Herman John Doming, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305, Misc. H. S. Nidy, petitioner, v. R. O. Culver, Director of
Corrections, Tallahassee, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 314, Misc. Robert J. Allen, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 340, Misc. Bert Eugene Ferrell, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1958
96
No. 251, Misc. Geither Horn, petitioner, v. The State of Wash-
ington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of
habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 311, Misc. Fred Ward, petitioner, v. David M. Heritage,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington;
and
No. 332, Misc. Willie Partridge, petitioner, v. Raymond J. Buch-
koe, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 186, Misc. Isadore Aberlin, petitioner, v. Honorable Sidney
Sugarman, Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, et al.; and
No. 254, Misc. Willie Hullom, petitioner, v. Thomas P. Thornton.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 54,
57, and 40.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Wilson Walker Wright, of Tallahassee, Fla., William Leland
Weeks, of Tallahassee, Fla., and Herbert Emanuel Morris, of New
Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
Hiram A. Berry, of Amarillo, Tex., and Clifford A. Stein, of Ama-
rillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Frank Ikard; Chester E. Wallace, of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Miss Clara E. Smith; Donn Isaac Cohen,
of York, Pa., Harry J. Rubin, of York, Pa., Edward Friedman, of
Harrisburg, Pa., and Ralph S. Snyder, of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Herbert B. Cohen; Emmett E. McInnis, Jr., of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; George M. Wiener, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. A. Warren Littman; Edward H.
Brown, of New York, N. Y., Martin Gallin, of New York, N. Y.,
and Seymour Irwin Hurwitz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Alan Y. Cole; Daniel C. Arnold, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr.
William H. Holloway; Robert O. Koch, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr.; John Bernard Root, Jr., of Sanford,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul F. Borden; Jack Corinblit, of Los An-
geles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Abraham Krash; Joseph M. Kelly,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Peter S. Wondolski; Frank R.
Johnston, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hudson Baynham
Cox; Emery J. Delmas, of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. John
Ford Baecher; M. K. Pentecost, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Thomas Broughton Branch, Jr.; Laurence Polkinhorn Sherfy,
of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Wilbur Brice O'Brien; Samuel
Feinberg, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Benjamin A.
Borchelt; Lloyd E. Gluck, of Pittsburgh, Pa., John L. Garrow, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., and Howard S. Auld, of Allison Park, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Malcolm Anderson; Frederick T. McCarthy, of Boston, Mass.,
and Theodore M. Tahan, of Lawrence, Mass., on motion of Mr. An-
thony J. Iacobo; Edwin J. Wilson, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Craig Hosmer; Ralph N. Jackson, or New Orleans, La., and
J. D. De Blieux, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. Joel David
Wolfsohn; Benjamin Greshin, of Smithtown, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Sol M. Alpher; Oliver Wanglie, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
480278-58--25

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
98
of Mr. Roy C. Frank; and Lino A. Graglia, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. David Campian Acheson, were admitted to practice.
No. 23. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Memphis
Light, Gas and Water Division; City of Memphis, Tennessee; Mis-
sissippi Valley Gas Company; et al.;
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light,
Gas and Water Division, et al.; and
No. 26. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Southern Natu-
ral Gas Company, petitioners, v. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Di-
vision; City of Memphis, Tennessee; and Mississippi Valley Gas Com-
pany. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases
remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 32. United States of America, appellant, v. A & P Trucking
Company and Hopla Trucking Company. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the District Court for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Separate opinion dissenting in part by Mr. Justice Douglas
with whom Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr.
Justice Whittaker concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 418. Lucian J. Ciletti, George H. Krause, Allan Schultz, in
their own Behalf and in Behalf of the Other Citizens of the City of
Washington and Borough of East Washington, appellants, v. The
City of Washington, Borough of East Washington, Washington-East
Washington Joint Authority, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 426. Coleman Ullner, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
99
No. 434. Universal Trades, Inc., appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Middle District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No. 465. William Kidd, and Barbara Mills, appellants, v. State of
Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 214, Misc. Morris Sanders, appellant, v. The State of Texas.
Appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Per Curiam:
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 258, Misc. Charles Van Newkirk, appellant, v. John F.
McNeill, Superintendent, Matteawan State Hospital. Appeal from
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
No. 260, Misc. Paul Loeber, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Fourth Appellate District. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 10, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. The motion for leave to file reply brief of the State
of Florida is granted. The joint motion for leave to file reply brief
of the State of Louisiana et al. is granted. The Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
motions.
No. 155. Southwestern Sugar and Molasses Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
River Terminals Corporation. The motion for leave to file brief of
T. L. James & Co., Inc., et al., as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 435. Harry Lev, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 436. Raymond Wool, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 437. Marvin Rubin, petitioner, v. United States of America.
In No. 435 petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
100
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to questions 5, 6,
and 7 presented by the petition for the writ which read as follows:
"5. Is it proper for a reviewing court to make an examination in
camera of a sealed summary of a witness's prior statement to a govern-
ment investigator furnished it by the prosecutor and of ex parte
affidavits pertaining to the summary in order to determine whether
the summary is discoverable under the provisions of Title 18 U. S. C.,
Section 3500, when no claim is made that it contained irrelevant or
extraneous matter?
"6. Are not summaries and reports of prior statements made by
witnesses to a government investigator available to the defendant
under the provisions of Title 18 U. S. C., Section 3500?
"7. Does Title 18 U. S. C. Section 3500, provide the sole procedure
by which such summaries and reports are to be made available to
defendants?"
In No. 436 petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to question 2 pre-
sented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"2. Whether the rights of the petitioner were substantially preju-
diced when the trial court denied the motion of the defendants to
direct the Government to produce a statement which a witness for the
Government had previously given to government agents, in direct
violation of this Court's decision in Jencks v. U. S., 353 U. S. 657."
In No. 437 petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
The cases are consolidated and a total of three hours allowed for
oral argument. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 451. Joel Rosenberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted limited to question 1 presented by the
petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"I. Is the rule of this Court in Jencks v. United States, 1957, 353
U. S. 657, a rule of mere procedure, or does it involve a defendant's
constitutional rights? May a clear violation of this rule be harmless
error? May the conceded error of a trial court in withholding from
defense counsel prior statements of principal Government witnesses
be excused because a Circuit Court finds that the defense was not
hampered in cross-examination of those witnesses? Is it proper for
a Circuit Court to determine what use defense counsel might have made
of statements erroneously withheld?"
Case transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 471.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
101
No. 457. Horace Ingram, L. E. Smith, Mary Law, et al., petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 471. Anthony M. Palermo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar and assigned for argument immediately following Nos.
435, 436, and 437.
No. 351. The Brown Paper Mill Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 411. Barnard-Curtiss Company and The Seaboard Surety Com-
pany, Surety, petitioners, v. United States of America, for the Use
and Benefit of D. W. Falls Construction Co., and Ace Construction
Co.; and
No. 455. United States of America, for the Use and Benefit of D. W.
Falls Construction Co., and Ace Construction Co., petitioners, v.
Barnard-Curtiss Company and the Seaboard Surety Company,
Surety. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 440. J. B. Bean and 63 Others, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 441. Melvin Tanzer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 444. Petrolite Corporation, Ltd., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 449. Joseph Stacher, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 450. H. B. Wolfsen, Helen Wolfsen, L. C. Wolfsen, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 452. 222 East Chestnut Street Corporation, a Corporation of
Delaware, petitioner, v. Lakefront Realty Corporation, a Corporation
of Illinois; Lake Shore Club of Chicago, a Corporation of Illinois,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
480278-58--26

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
102
No. 456. Jack Green, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 458. Certain Interests in Property in Hillsborough County,
State of Florida; Tampa Bay Garden Apartments, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 459. Cy Miller and Billie Miller, petitioners, v. Department of
Alcoholic Beverage Control, Alcoholic Control Appeals Board. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 460. J. W. McDavid, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 461. Ruth Page Fisher and Thomas Hart Fisher, petitioners, v.
Printing Developments, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 462. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., petitioner, v. John T.
Clark & Son, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 467. David Lee Flowers, petitioner, v. Nance Exploration Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of
Texas, Eighth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 473. Jack Akers and Clara M. Akers, a Partnership, Doing
Business in the Form and Name of Akers Cleaners, petitioner, v. Har-
old Handley, Governor of the State of Indiana, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 477. International Organization of Masters, Mates and Pilots
of America, Inc., AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Ross M. Madden,
Regional Director of Thirteenth Region of the National Labor Rela-
tions Board, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 478. Fareed N. Kiamie, Kiamie Manufacturing Co., Inc., and
Kiami Fabrics Co., Inc., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 484. Grady County, Georgia, petitioner, v. Imogene Wright
Dickerson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 430. The Flying Tiger Line, Inc., petitioner, v. Philippine Air
Lines, Inc.; and
No. 469. Philippine Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Howard Orlove,
Doing Business under the Firm Name and Style of H. Orlove Com-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
103
pany. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 506. Zoomar, Inc., petitioner, v. Paillard Products, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 470. Department of Highways, State of Louisiana, petitioner,
v. United Gas Pipe Line Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 476. Goldie B. Prashker, Executrix of the Estate of Nathan
Prashker, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Beech Aircraft Corporation
and Atlantic Aviation Corporation. Motion for leave to file brief
of Jean C. Cleminshaw, etc., as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 480. M. A. Owens Company, petitioner, v. Benjamin Gargill,
Trustee. Petitioner's motion for directions for production of record
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 481. Marie Torre, petitioner, v. Judy Garland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 46. James E. Peurifoy, Paul V. Stines, Betty O. Stines, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 295. New Orleans City Park Improvement Association, appel-
lant, v. Mandeville Detiege, Individually and on Behalf of Others
Similarly Situated, et al.;
No. 308. Amy C. Mellott, Paul C. Mellott and Forrest R. Mellott,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 336. Maurice A. Wheeler, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 352. John B. Beard and Helen B. Beard, petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 393. Richard Douglas Furnish, petitioner, v. The Board of
Medical Examiners of the State of California; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
104
No. 197, Misc. Burley Orr, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 232. Frank H. Hills et al., petitioners, v. Colonel Eisenhart et
al.;
No. 333. James S. O'Rourke, Jr., and Joan O'Rourke, petitioners, v.
Henry W. Sill and Bernice E. Sill;
No. 101, Misc. George L. Curry, petitioner, v. Wallace C. Ragan
et al.;
No. 154, Misc. James E. Papworth, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 216, Misc. Walter H. Ruby et ux., petitioners, v. L. Pierce
Bowlus, Attorney. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 311. Ray Edward Gondron and Daniel Elchuk, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Motion to remand denied. Petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 24, Misc. Paul Smith, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 47, Misc. Austin Joseph Smith, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 58, Misc. Joe Stapp, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 116, Misc. Alphonso Backus, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 127, Misc. Glenn E. Rogers, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 129, Misc. William Niklaus, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska
ex rel. Clarence S. Beck. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 156, Misc. Alvan J. Brown, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 169, Misc. Okey McDonald McCune, petitioner, v. Donivon E.
1 Adams, Warden, West Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
105
No. 210, Misc. Charles Albert Berry, petitioner, v. District Parole
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 223, Misc. Charles G. Johnson, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 224, Misc. Harold Lyons, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 237, Misc. George Scott Moore, Jr., petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 249, Misc. Silas Cox, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Viriginia denied.
No. 250, Misc. Richard Edward Gray, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 255, Misc. Richard Hannon, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 264, Misc. Isaac Weber, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 268, Misc. Herbert Williams, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 272, Misc. Robert Winter, petitioner, v.
Department of Public Welfare of Baltimore City.
Director of the
Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 289, Misc. In re Guy N. Stafford, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 295, Misc. Vida Vatelli, petitioner, v. State of California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 296, Misc. Thomas A. Owens, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of ceritorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1958
106
No. 308, Misc. Roy Shipman, petitioners, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden of Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 341, Misc. Kenneth George, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 343, Misc. Robert E. Morgan, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson,
Warden of the California State Prison at San Quentin, California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 322, Misc. Ralph A. Soper, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 318, Misc. Lloyd Shelton, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 327, Misc. Frank Lee, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden, Clinton Prison. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of cases in which orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 15, until
Monday, January 12, 1959.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Radio Corporation
of America and National Broadcasting Company, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the appellant and by Mr. Bernard
G. Segal for the appellees.
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Claude L. Dawson for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos. 57,
40, and 42.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1958
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Dwight L. Schwab, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Guy Cor-
don; Arno H. Denecke, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Edward
Felix Kenehan; John B. Perna, of Hazleton, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Carl Joseph Morano; William H. Onderdonk, of Riderwood, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Elgood Edward Stephens; Linwood C. Major, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald W. Markham; Albert
Henry Hamel, of Webster Groves, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard
Arens; and Charles R. Iden, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Stanley
Denlinger, were admitted to practice.
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. Argument continued by Mr. Claude L. Dawson
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the
petitioner.
No. 40. Territory of Alaska, petitioner, v. American Can Company,
Fidalgo Island Packing Company, Libby, McNeill & Libby, Inc., et al.
Argued by Mr. J. Gerald Williams for the petitioner and by Mr. W. C.
Arnold for the respondents.
No. 42. John Lee, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madigan, Warden, Federal
Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Argument commenced by Mr.
Carl S. Rhoads for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Robert
E. Hannon for the petitioner and by Mr. John F. Davis for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
42, 45, and 49.
×
480278-58-27

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1958
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
James R. Roads, of Hollywood, Fla., on motion of Mr. John F.
Davis; Charles L. Garner, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr. C.
Aubrey Gasque; J. David Mann, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; James E. Bennett, Jr., of Youngstown,
Ohio, and John H. Ranz, of Youngstown, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
John F. Lane; Robert Elick Kleve, of Bismarck, N. Dak., on motion
of Mr. Milford A. Juten; EksAyn Anderson, of Salt Lake City, Utah,
on motion of Mr. Samuel E. Blackham; and Ethel Goldenweiser,
of Washington, D. C., Joseph A. Butler, of New York, N. Y., Donald
G. Mayhall, of Birmingham, Ala., Harrison J. Daysh, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., Zachary Fromberg, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Alfred Vitar-
elli, of Westmont, N. J., Norman Robert Prusa, of Cleveland, Ohio,
John Olen Harris, of St. Louis, Mo., and James William Mast, of
Laredo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli, were admitted to
practice.
No. 42. John Lee, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madigan, Warden, Federal
Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Argument continued by Mr.
John F. Davis for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Robert E.
Hannon for the petitioner.
No. 45. Beacon Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. The Hon. Harry C.
Westover, Judge of the United States District Court of the Southern
District of California, Central Division, et al. Argued by Mr. Jack
Corinblit for the petitioner and by Mr. Frank R. Johnston for the
respondents.
No. 49. Local 24 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, AFL-CIO, et
al., petitioners, v. Revel Oliver, A. C. E. Transportation Company,
Inc., and Interstate Truck Service, Inc. Argument commenced by
Mr. David Previant for the petitioners.
Adjourn until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
49, 52, and 136.
480278-58--28

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1958
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and
Mr. Justice Stewart.
John Hanley Yates, of Miami, Fla., William F. Rutherford, of
Waco, Tex., Ernest Eugene Specks, of Dallas, Tex., Robert Marion
Haynes, of Amarillo, Tex., Harry Gaberman, of Washington, D. C.,
and Maurice James Street, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Donald R. Simpson; Don Weisberg, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Henry
I. Jacobson, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Earl Hubert
Davis; Samuel K. Abrams, of Washington, D. C., and Robert M.
Lichtman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Newell A. Clapp;
Harry R. Wilson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Brainard H.
Warner III; Harry H. Lipsig, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Warren E. Miller; Bennett Crain, Jr., of Annapolis, Md., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Burns Kelly; William Meinhold, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; Philip W. Perry-
man, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Perry Patterson; and Joseph
V. Reaph, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert Dechert,
were admitted to practice.
No. 49. Local 24 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Revel Oliver, A. C. E. Transportation Company, Inc.,
and Interstate Truck Service, Inc. Argument continued by Mr.
David Previant for the petitioners, by Mr. Stanley Denlinger for the
respondent, Revel Oliver, and concluded by Mr. Charles R. Iden for
respondents, A. C. E. Transportation Company, Inc., and Interstate
Truck Service, Inc.
No. 52. Harry A. Hahn, petitioner, v. Ross Island Sand & Gravel
Co., a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Dwight L. Schwab for the peti-
tioner, by Mr. Ray H. Lafky for the State of Oregon, as amicus curiae,
and by Mr. Arno H. Denecke for the respondent.
No. 136. James Alonzo Draper, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner and
by Mr. Leonard B. Sand for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
480278-58-29

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Guerin Todd, of Washington, D. C., Homer Arthur Porter, Jr., of
Salyersville, Ky., Robert Bruce Lyons, of Spokane, Wash., and Clyde
C. Randolph, Jr., of Winston-Salem, N. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Vern Jacke Munger, Jr., of Baltimore,
Md., and Ray Goddard, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. George
Cochran Daub; Paul John Brady, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. William E. Minshall, Jr.; John Edward Park, of Kansas City,
Mo., on motion of Mr. John B. Gage; David S. Reisman, of Buffalo,
N. Y., and Haywood Elliott Banks, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Dominick Manoli; Victor E. DeMarco, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Sturgis Warner; Sydney G. Craig, of Chicago, Ill., and
David M. Gooder, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge
vom Baur; Andrew J. Warhola, of Lorain, Ohio, J. William McCray,
of Elyria, Ohio; Helen Bransztet Mikus, of Lorain, Ohio, Paul J.
Mikus, of Lorain, Ohio, and Adrian Francis Betleski, of Lorain, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Dow W. Harter; John D. Cahill, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles Kinsley McWhorter; Daniel S. Feidt,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. William R. Rodenberg; Joel
Goodman, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr. Leo Meltzer;
Robert S. McKnight, Jr., of Pensacola, Fla., on motion of Miss Mary
L. McDowell; Robert W. Gunderson, of Rapid City, S. Dak., and
John C. Farrar, of Rapid City, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. Harvey J.
Gunderson; James R. Alexander, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Arthur C. Perry; John F. Burket, Jr., of Sarasota, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Frank J. Wideman, Jr.; Edgar R. Carver, Jr., of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; Walter E. Gillcrist, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Edward L. Carey; Thomas F.
Feeney, of New York, N. Y., and Charles N. Fiddler, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.; Antoinette Boyle, of
Laurel, Mont., and Daryl Eddy Engebregson, of Laurel, Mont., on
motion of Mr. W. K. Hopkins; Hubert Lee Benson, of Lanett, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Sigmon A. Lunceford; Courtney Whitney, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Philip R. Collins; Lewis Deschler
II, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Lewis Deschler; Robert
Alston Wood, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Richard J. Morr, of Cincinnati,
480278-58-30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
111
Ohio, and William John Morrissey, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Edgar Wolfe Holtz, were admitted to practice.
No. 14. Boyd S. Leedom et al., Individually and as Chairman and
Members of and Constituting the National Labor Relations Board,
petitioners, v. William Kyne, Individually and as President of Buffalo
Section, Westinghouse Engineers Association, etc. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Whittaker. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with
whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 27. Arthur S. Flemming, Secretary of Health, Education and
Welfare, petitioner, v. Florida Citrus Exchange, Frank R. Schell, et
al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
No. 2. Lovander Ladner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi for
further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark.
No. 60. Abram Flaxer, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of Columbia for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 15. American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Frisco Transportation Company;
No. 16. Railway Labor Executives' Association et al., appellants, v.
Frisco Transportation Company; and
No. 19. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Frisco
Transportation Company. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. Judgment reversed and
cases remanded to the District Court for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Whittaker would affirm the judgment of the District Court.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
112
No. 382. O. Z. Evers et al., appellants, v. John T. Dwyer et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Divi-
sion of Tennessee. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court will be certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 453. Walter M. Briggs, Doing Business as Walt's Auto Parks
and Garages, appellant, v. The City of Los Angeles, the Board of
Police Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate Dis-
trict. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 464. Buford James, Southern Dairies, et al., appellants, v.
A. W. Todd, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the
State of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. This case is restored to the calendar for reargu-
ment and set to follow No. 350. One and one-half hours is allowed
for oral argument.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Application having been
made for a reopening and amendment of the decree of April 21, 1930,
it is ordered that the defendants be allowed to and including January
19, 1959 in which to file a response or responses to the application.
No. 14, Original. Alfred Schutte, Father and Next Friend of
Gary Schutte, a Minor, plaintiff, v. State of Nebraska et al. The
motion for leave to file petition is denied.
No. 24. Guerlain, Inc., appellant, v. United States of America;
No. 30. Parfums Corday, Inc., appellant, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 31. Lanvin Parfums, appellant, v. United States of America.
The motion to vacate the judgments is granted. The judgments are

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
113
vacated and the cases remanded to the District Court to enable it to
consider a motion to dismiss to be filed by the United States.
No. 175. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern and Emmett Calvin Brown,
appellants, v. State of Ohio. The motion to strike portions of the
designation of record is denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 229, Misc. Louise Lassiter, appellant, v. Northampton County
Board of Elections. Appeal from the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted and case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 350. William G. Barr, petitioner, v. Linda A. Matteo and John
J. Madigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and
one and one-half hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 482. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fant Mill-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 488. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 491.
No. 489. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to
question 1 presented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. In the trial of a federal criminal action, when the principal
witness for the prosecution stated that he had testified three times
before the indicting grand jury upon matters covered by his testi-
mony at the trial, was it reversible error for the trial judge upon
motion duly made to deny to the defendants for use in cross-exami-
nation, inspection of the transcripts of the grand jury testimony of
that witness?”
Case transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 451.
No. 491. Galax Mirror Company, Incorporated, Mount Airy Mirror
Company and J. A. Messer, Sr., petitioners, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to question 1 presented
by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
114
"1. Whether the denial of defendants' motion at the trial for pro-
duction of the relevant grand jury testimony of the principal Gov-
ernment witness for purposes of cross-examination constituted error."
Case transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 489.
No. 504. Charles Allen Taylor, petitioner, v. Neil McElroy,
A. Tyler Port. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument immediately preceding No. 180. Case of
No. 101 assigned for argument immediately following No. 180.
No. 512. Clifton E. Baird and Violet L. Baird, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
Case transferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argument
immediately following No. 381.
No. 80, Misc. Vincent Joseph Spano, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 5, Misc. William W. Burns, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 213, Misc. Henry Napue, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 192. William Lloyd Barnard, John W. Dailey, Charles W.
Humphrey, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 422. Perfect Brassiere Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Perfectform Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 485. Crosley Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v. WIBC,
Inc., and Federal Communications Commission. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 486. Edward William Curd, petitioner, v. United States of
America and Laurie W. Tomlinson, Director of Internal Revenue of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
115
the United States for the Collection District of Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 490. The Meadow Brook Club, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 496. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, a Voluntary Asso-
ciation et al., petitioners, v. Chicago and North Western Railway Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 479. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Lewis W. James, Administrator of the Estate of Colin Kahl, Deceased.
Motion to amend petition for writ of certiorari as to question 1 pre-
sented by the motion granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 483. Dr. Henry M. Ladrey, petitioner, v. Commission on Licen-
sure to Practice the Healing Art in the District of Columbia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 12, Original. State of California, plaintiff, v. State of Wash-
ington;
No. 320. George H. Brasier, petitioner, v. Clark Jeary, Pat Ash,
David L. Erickson, et al.;
No. 372. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Philip L. Sullivan,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, Eastern Division, et al.;
No. 376. In the Matter of Abraham Teitelbaum, petitioner; and
No. 85, Misc. Rhinelda W. Bell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 73, Misc. Anthony Tumminello, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 148, Misc. Marvin Herring, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager of the Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 244, Misc. Charles Boyd, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Middle Division, denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
116
No. 252, Misc. Richard C. Martin, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 323, Misc. Oscar D. Jeter, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 324, Misc. Lovell Calvin Rousseau and Kathleen Marie Rous-
seau, petitioners, v. Virginia Hurtado et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 326, Misc. William A. Jackson, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 333, Misc. James Gerald Bombka, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 334, Misc. Nicholas Smereka, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 344, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Cleveland Thomp-
son, petitioner, v. Grant F. Price, Warden of Allegheny County Jail,
Pittsburgh, Pa., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 348, Misc. John Archie Miles, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Suffolk County, New York, denied.
No. 357, Misc. Forrest S. Tucker, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 359, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 367, Misc. Edward Spain, petitioner, v. Kent County Circuit
Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 372, Misc. Samuel L. Culley, petitioner, v. Warden of the
Maryland House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 2, Misc. Ralph Loran Wilson, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied
without prejudice to an application for writ of habeas corpus in the
appropriate United States District Court.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1958
117
No. 13, Misc. James Jackson, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Superintendent of the Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied without prejudice to an application for writ of habeas corpus
in the appropriate United States District Court.
No. 3, Misc. Edwin Edgar Lotz, petitioner, v. State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio and for
other relief denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 110, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 65, Misc. Otis C. Roark, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden of
the Ohio State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari denied.
No. 356, Misc. Leonard H. LundBerg, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus and for other relief denied.
No. 370, Misc. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers et al., peti-
tioners, v. F. Ryan Duffy et al., Judges of the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of cases in which orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, January 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 58,
61 (and 62), and 134.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Jus-
tice Stewart.
Donald C. Holand, of Lisbon, N. Dak., Norman G. Tenneson, of
Fargo, N. Dak., Philip B. Vogel, of Fargo, N. Dak., and Cyril S.
Lawrence, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
James Lee Rankin; Ralph George Scheu, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Everett McKinley Dirksen; Harry K. Nier, Jr., of Denver,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Richard L. Hirshberg, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Weiner; Robert
Irwin Worth, of New York, N. Y., Donald F. Westra, of Bethesda,
Md., Clive Herbert Bramson, of Kings Point, N. Y., LeRoy Kahn, of
Richmond, Va., and Ira Hyatt Smith, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Clarence E. Barnes, Jr.; Russell H. McLain, of Sacramento,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John Howard Lewis, Jr.; Charles William
Helzer, of Schenectady, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul Max Craig, Jr.;
Jewell Russell Mann, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mrs. Julia Benton
Hopkins; Simon Greenhill, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Abraham E. Freedman; Herbert Joseph Slaughter, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Theodore Harold Haas; and Frank P. Cyr,
of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Solon B. Kemon, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 18. International Boxing Club of New York, Inc., a Corpora-
tion of New York; International Boxing Club, Inc., a Corporation of
Illinois, et al., appellants, v. United States of America. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Separate opinion dissenting in part by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Separate opinion dissenting in part by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Whittaker join. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 40. Territory of Alaska, petitioner, v. American Can Company,
Fidalgo Island Packing Company, Libby, McNeill & Libby, Inc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court
480278-59-―31

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
119
of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 42. John Lee, petitioner, v. Paul J. Madigan, Warden, Federal
Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice
Clark joins. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 52. Harry A. Hahn, petitioner, v. Ross Island Sand & Gravel
Co., a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Oregon for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice
Harlan joins. Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 39. Paul Williams and Lorena Williams, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. Hugh Lee, Doing Business as Ganado Trading Post.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Arizona for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 5. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Sax Enterprises, Inc.; Leevlans Corporation; R. S. Levy, Daniel
Lifter and J. S. Lansburgh, as Trustee; et al.; and
No. 6. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Harry Levy et al., Doing Business as Sherry Frontenac Hotel,
Stuyvesant Corporation, Abe Allenberg, et al. On writs of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Florida for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 37. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Lublin, McGaughy & Associates,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
120
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Whittaker. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 454. Salvatore Territo, Charles Territo and Vincent Territo, a
Partnership, Trading as Territo & Sons, et al., appellants, v. United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
The appeal is dismissed for the reason that the notice thereof was not
filed within the time provided by law. Order per curiam.
No. 495. Somerville Milling Company, MacNeil Bros. Company,
Angus M. MacNeil, et al., appellants, v. Worcester North Savings In-
stitution. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Hampshire.
The motion to strike the motion to dismiss is denied. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Order per curiam.
No. 526. The F. & M. Schaefer Brewing Co., appellant, v. Lawrence
E. Gerosa, as Comptroller of the City of New York. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Order per curiam.
No. 283, Misc. Grover Cleveland McDaniel, appellant, v. The Peo-
ple of the State of California. Appeal from the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Order per curiam.
No. 515. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Midwestern Gas
Transmission Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit. The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment
of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to that
court with instructions to dismiss respondent's petition for review as
moot. Order per curiam.
No. 185, Misc. People of the United States ex rel. Talbot Jennings,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is re-

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
121
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 192, Misc. Daniel Smith Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Court. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of
certiorari are granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court with directions
to allow the appeal in forma pauperis. Order per curiam.
No. 13, Original. The State of New York, plaintiff, v. The State
of New Jersey and American Express Company, a Joint Stock Asso-
ciation. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is denied.
No. 203, Misc. Ex parte Marshall Lamkin alias Marshall Lam-
kins, petitioner. The petitioner's motion to dismiss the petition for
writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 519. Eleazar Smith, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Los Angeles. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 466. Phillip Cooke, Leon Wolfe, George Simkins, et al., ap-
pellants, v. State of North Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of North Carolina. Further consideration of the question of juris-
diction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 518. The Atlantic Refining Company, Cities Service Produc-
tion Company, Continental Oil Company, et al., petitioners, v. Public
Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island Lighting
Company, et al.; and
No. 536. Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, petitioner, v.
Public Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island
Lighting Company, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in these cases
granted. Cases are set for argument immediately following No. 288
and a total of three hours allowed for oral argument of all of these
cases.
No. 439. Jackson D. Magenau, Administrator of the Estate of
Norman Ormsbee, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Aetna Freight Lines,

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
122
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 540. United States of America, petitioner, v. Seaboard Air Line
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 472. Joseph W. Bowley, petitioner, v. New Jersey Turnpike
Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 474. Clinton Gardner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 492. Charles M. Coleman and the Riverton Uranium Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. Mountain Mesa Uranium Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 493. Leon Peter Reistroffer, W. L. Rogers, and Marvin Norris,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 494. Puritan Church Building Fund, Harrison Parker and
Edith S. Parker, Trustees, petitioners, v. United States of America
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 497. Robert Lee Korte, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 498. Stedman Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Frank R.
Redman and Redman Process American Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 500. The Crowell-Collier Publishing Co., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 502. Mrs. Gladys Mayeaux Laborde et al., petitioners. v. Texas
and Pacific Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
480278-59- -32

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
123
No. 505. Queen Cohen, petitioner, v. Public Housing Administra-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 507. Solomon P. Rosenbloom, also known as Sol Rosenbloom,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 508. Henry Marks, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 509. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 510. John Syres, Louis J. Warrick, and Local 254, Oil Workers
International Union, C. I. O., petitioners, v. Oil Workers Interna-
tional Union, Local #23, F. A. McDuffie, Chairman, Gulf Main Plant
Group and Gulf Oil Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 513. Sam Courtney, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 516. Springfield Television Broadcasting Corporation and
Greenfield Television Broadcasting Corporation, petitioners, v. United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 517. Winnebago Television Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission, Radio Wis-
consin, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 522. United States ex rel. George E. Thompson, petitioner, v.
William Lennox, Sheriff of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 523. George Becker, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 529. Alabama By-Products Corporation, petitioner, v. George
D. Patterson, District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
124
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 530. Owen Goff, Jr., by Owen Goff, Sr., his Father and next
Friend, petitioner, v. Sears, Roebuck and Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 533. Steve Tandaric, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 534. Dennis Joseph Quinn, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Depart-
ment of the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles,
denied.
No. 538. John C. Webb and Helen H. Webb, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 539. Industrial Waxes, Inc., petitioner, v. Gerald Few Brown.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 542. Ellsworth Medberry, petitioner, v. Wayne K. Patterson,
Warden of the Colorado State Reformatory, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 544. Seaboard Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 547. David Bohn, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 548. Albert J. Barta, John E. Barta, Charles K. Failing, et al.,
petitioners, v. Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation of
South Dakota, James Iron Cloud, and United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 592. Wabash Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Cloyd Wehrli.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 475. Frank R. Franko, petitioner, v. Mahoning County Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
125
No. 503. Emerson R. Gynn, petitioner, v. Mary P. Gynn. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 499. Constantin Kotsampas and Petros Prassinos, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Motion for leave to proceed on type-
written papers granted. Motion to defer consideration of petition
for certiorari and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 511. Deep Sea Tankers, Limited, in its own Behalf, as Owner
of the "S/T Rincon Hills", etc., and Shell Oil Company, Incorpo-
rated, etc., petitioners, v. The Steamtug “Long Branch", the Railway
Carfloats No. 61 and 56, Central Railroad Company of New Jersey,
et al. Motion of Canadian Shipowners Association for leave to file
brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 514. States Steamship Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America, Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company, Pa-
cific National Fire Insurance Company, et al. Motion of American
Mail Line et al. for leave to file brief, as amici curiae, denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 564. Metropolitan Sand & Gravel Corporation, petitioner, v.
Deep Sea Tankers, Limited, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 527. J. Myer Schine, Howard M. Angevil, Donald G. Schine,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 28. Maxine K. Hinkle, Administratrix of the Estate of W. Max
Hinkle, Deceased, and Maxine K. Hinkle, petitioners, v. New Eng-
land Mutual Life Insurance Company of Boston, Massachusetts;
No. 334. Scientific Living, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission;
No. 407. Stephen A. Sulentich, petitioner, v. The Interlake Steam-
ship Company;
No. 415. James Gaston and Joseph Robinson, petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 434. Universal Trades, Inc., appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
126
No. 227, Misc. Avalo Allison Fisher, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 230, Misc. Fay Bizzell, petitioner, v. J. Eustace Bizzell;
No. 248, Misc. Thomas Clifton Livesay, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas; and
No. 294, Misc. Stephen Morales and Herman John Doming, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 13. Federal Housing Administration, appellant, v. The Dar-
lington, Inc. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 143. Emma Spector, petitioner, v. Ione Lois Pete et al. Motion
of Lorene Welmas McGlamary for leave to file brief and amended
brief, as amicus curiae, in support of petition for rehearing granted.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion and application.
No. 760, Misc. October Term, 1957. Marie T. Schumacher,
petitioner, v. Al J. Gaynor, Executor, and Legatees of the Estate of
Albert J. Vogelberg. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 816. October Term, 1957. The New Yorker Magazine, Inc.,
appellant, v. Lawrence E. Gerosa, Comptroller of the City of New
York, and George M. Bragalini, Treasurer of the City of New York.
Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 77. Monrova S. Evarts, petitioner, v. Western Metal Finishing
Company; and
No. 296. William G. Burns, Trading and Doing Business as Inter-
national Advertising Agency, petitioner, v. Ben Jaffe, Guarantee Re-
serve Life Insurance Company of Hammond, Indiana, Harold S.
Schwartz, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing de-
nied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these motions.
No. 231, Misc. David C. James, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 236, Misc. Willard C. Moore, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
127
No. 240, Misc. Ernest Mason, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
denied.
No. 282, Misc. Freda Bills, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 287, Misc. Benjamin Van Ella, petitioner, v. State of New Jer-
sey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jer-
sey denied.
No. 290, Misc. Edith L. McDermott, petitioner, v. John Hancock
Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 299, Misc. Cassell Ritchie, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 301, Misc. James Carraway, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 309, Misc. Jose Rivera, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 319, Misc. United States ex rel. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v.
Edward M. Fay, Warden of Green Haven Prison, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 329, Misc. Alton Carrier, Jr., petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Direc-
tor, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 335, Misc. Fred John DeCoteau, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 339, Misc. Raymond J. Crispell, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 353, Misc. In the Matter of William J. Morris, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 360, Misc. Robert Leon Wiseman, petitioner, v. Harry C.
Tinsley, Warden, Colorado State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
128
No. 368, Misc. James W. Hunt, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Louis A. Sears, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Superintendent of California Mens Colony. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 373, Misc. George Rolie, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden of Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 375, Misc. Gordon Allen Shepherd, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Sidney Moman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden of the Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 383, Misc. Homer Fletcher Neal, petitioner, v. The State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 384, Misc. Charles Blair, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden of the California State Prison at Folsom, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 394, Misc. Alastair Kyle, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 395, Misc. John Gardner, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 396, Misc. William B. Neal, petitioner, v. E. J. Uffelman,
Superintendent, Illinois Security Hospital. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 398, Misc. Hubert Wilson, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 459, Misc. Elmer David Bruner, petitioner, v. Donivon E.
Adams, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 84, Misc. Eherd Burman, petitioner, v. State of Florida et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied
without prejudice to an application for writ of habeas corpus in the
appropriate United States District Court.

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1959
129
No. 355, Misc. William S. Jackson, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 346, Misc. Joseph E. Mullreed, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden;
No. 354, Misc. Thomas Caruso, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden of Auburn State Prison;
No. 376, Misc. William Watkins, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden of the Indiana State Prison;
No. 380, Misc. Charles Shane, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 400, Misc. James Patrick Ryan, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tins-
ley, Warden of the Colorado State Penitentiary; and
No. 401, Misc. Walter Haugabrok, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden of the Illinois State Penitentiary. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of cases in which orders were filed with the Clerk and were not
announced.
No. 58. Blanche Dick, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Com-
pany, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Philip B. Vogel for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Norman G. Tenneson for the respondent.
No. 61. John H. Crumady, petitioner, v. "Joachim Hendrik Fisser,"
her Engines, Tackle, Apparel, etc., Joachim Hendrik Fisser, et al; and
No. 62. "Joachim Hendrik Fisser," her Engines, Tackle, Apparel,
etc., petitioner, v. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner in No. 61
and continued by Mr. Victor S. Cichanowicz for the respondents in
No. 61 and for the petitioner in No. 62.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 61
(and 62), 134, 11, and 135.
Х



TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1959
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Mary Louise Foust, of Shelbyville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Brent
Spence; Norman G. Lancaster, of Castalia, N. C., on motion of Mr.
Robert B. Hutchins; Robert M. O'Mahoney, of Indianapolis, Ind., and
Richard M. Givan, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Owen S.
Boling; Gailen L. Keeling, of Salina, Kans., on motion of Mr. Ward
Boston, Jr.; Donald Keith Graham, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of
Mr. Frank James Whalen, Jr.; S. Gerald Litvin, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Abraham E. Freedman; Richard C. Queisser, of
Arlington, Va., Robert Lee Evans, of Arlington, Va., Charles A. Cut-
ting, of Andover, Maine; and Albert H. Kampe, of Chevy Chase, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph Schimmel; Leonard Marbury Linton, of
Forest Heights, Md., on motion of Mr. C. Lester Trotter; Leonard
Braman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. David Gerald Bress;
Clyde L. Wilson, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. David Wal-
ker Richmond; Clarence O. Woolsey, of Springfield, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Gordon F. Harrison; Victor J. Orsinger, of Washington, D. C.,
and Joseph G. Dooley, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam Caverly; and Leon Silverman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. John R. Sheneman, were admitted to practice.
No. 61. John H. Crumady, petitioner, v. "Joachim Hendrik
Fisser", her Engines, Tackle, Apparel, etc., Joachim Hendrik Fisser,
et al.; and
No. 62. "Joachim Hendrik Fisser", her Engines, Tackle, Apparel,
etc., petitioner, v. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc. Argument continued
by Mr. Victor S. Cichanowicz for the respondents, “Joachim Hendrik
Fisser", her Engines, etc., et al., in No. 61 and for the petitioner in
No. 62, by Mr. John J. Monigan, Jr., for the respondent, Nacirema
Operating Co., Inc., in both cases and concluded by Mr. Abraham E.
Freedman for the petitioner in No. 61. Memoranda to come.
No. 134. William C. Greene, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. James H. Heller for the petitioner and by
Mr. John L. Murphy for the respondent.
No. 11. Nathaniel Harris, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney M. Glazer for the petitioner.
480278-59- -33

TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1959
132
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
11, 135, 137, and 63.
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1959
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
John Ormasa, of Richmond, Calif., on motion of Mr. C. Aubrey
Gasque; and Darrell B. Hancock, of Lexington, Ky., on motion of
Mr. John L. Murphy, were admitted to practice.
No. 11. Nathaniel Harris, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Sidney M. Glazer for the petitioner, by
Mr. John L. Murphy for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Sidney
M. Glazer for the petitioner.
No. 135. Billy G. Woody, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Clarence O. Woolsey for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 137. Lurton Lewis Heflin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Jerome A. Cooper for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Theodore G. Gilinsky for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos. 137,
63, and 237 (and 290).
480278-59-34

THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1959
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Warren E. King, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Theodore
George Gilinsky; Raymond J. McGowan, of Akron, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. C. C. Lipps; Rae Miller Handler, of Harrisburg, Pa., Sam-
uel Handler, of Harrisburg, Pa., Earl Handler, of Harrisburg, Pa.,
Arthur Berman, of Harrisburg, Pa., William D. Boswell, of Harris-
burg, Pa., and Earl V. Compton, of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Seymour Sheriff; Ronald Mayer Weiss, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Ward Boston, Jr.; Ernest L. Bell III, of Keene, N.H.,
on motion of Mr. Perkins Bass; Lucius C. Butts, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Richard W. Tompkins; and Edward Overton
McCue III, of Charlottesville, Va., on motion of Mr. Howard Worth
Smith, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 137. Lurton Lewis Heflin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argument concluded by Mr. Jerome A. Cooper for the
petitioner.
No. 63. Leslie Irvin, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden of the
Indiana State Prison. Argued by Mr. Theodore Lockyear and Mr.
James D. Lopp for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard M. Givan
for the respondent.
No. 237. National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., petitioner,
v. Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company of America and the
Equity Annuity Life Insurance Company; and
No. 290. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Vari-
able Annuity Life Insurance Company of America, and the Equity
Annuity Life Insurance Company. Two and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas G. Meeker
for the petitioner in No. 290 and continued by Mr. John H. Dorsey
for the petitioner in No. 237.
Adjourned until Monday, January 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 19, will be as follows: Nos. 237
(and 290), 72, 8, and 66.
480278-59-35
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1959
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
Marcus M. Bright, of Los Angeles, Calif., William E. Brennan, of
Washington, D. C., Harold F. Charron, Jr., of Sturgeon Bay, Wis.,
George Douglas Lightfoot, Jr., of Canton, Ohio, and Eugene J.
Kaplan, of West Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
James Lee Rankin; William Edward Gruber, of Alva, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Page Belcher; George A. Lane, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Jerry M. Hamovit, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Leonard B. Sand; John Reid McKinney, of
Idyllwild, Calif., on motion of Mr. Harry St. John Butler; David
B. Tobe, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Charles E. McKissock, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Malcolm Anderson; Robert Joseph
Amoury, of Staten Island, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ben H. Sullivan;
Arnold Murray Sweig, of Plainville, Conn., on motion of Mr. Shel-
don Z. Kaplan; Geraldine Bourke Chilcoat, of Fort Worth, Tex.,
William J. Chilcoat, of Fort Worth, Tex., Ellwood W. Sargent, of
Boston, Mass., Charles W. Bethany, Jr., of Decatur, Ala., H. W. C.
Furman, of Bennettsville, S. C., William T. Rogers, of New York,
N. Y., Daniel A. Lennon, Jr., of New York, N. Y., John F. Good-
man, Jr., of Waco, Tex., Cecil T. Lakes, of Cincinnati, Ohio, J. David
Fischer, of New York, N. Y., Robert E. Hart, of Norris, Tenn.,
Joseph William Lang, Jr., of Washington, D. C., James E. Keys,
of Kansas City, Mo., Hal Hill Bookout, of Corsicana, Tex., Emory
M. Sneeden, of Wilmington, N. C., Donald D. Chapman, of Thalia,
Tex., James W. Hunt, of Washington, D. C., Joseph R. Motelewski,
of Chicago, Ill., William E. O'Donovan, of Baltimore, Md., Kenneth
L. Youngblood, of Lawton, Okla., H. J. Clausen, of Mobile, Ala.,
Milton Pritchett Garner, of Lubbock, Tex., and Corwin V. Edwards,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Robert Hall McCaw;
Robert J. O'Rourke, of Chicago, Ill., and Donald A. Carr, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Martin Emilius Carlson; and Sidney I.
Prager, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Louis Karasik, were
admitted to practice.
480278-59- -36

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1959
136
No. 49. Local 24 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, AFL-CIO, et
al., petitioners, v. Revel Oliver, A.C.E. Transportation Company, Inc.,
and Interstate Truck Service, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Ohio and the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Ninth Judi-
cial District. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Ohio for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Mr. Justice Whittaker
would affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Judicial District of Ohio. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 520. Vird O. Cudd, appellant, v. Gale A. Mathers, Judge of
the Ninth Judicial Circuit of the State of Illinois. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Illinois. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 521. Lancaster Security Investment Corporation, a California
Corporation, appellant, v. Howard M. Kessler, State Mutual Build-
ing & Loan Association, Title Insurance and Trust Co., et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appel-
late District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 537. The Second Federal Savings and Loan Association of
Cleveland, appellant, o. Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of
Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan is of the
opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 451. Joel Rosenberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion to withdraw the appearance of Bernard Tompkins,
Esquire, as counsel for petitioner is granted.
No. 457. Horace Ingram, L. E. Smith, Mary Law, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. The motion to dispense with
printing the record is granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1959
137
No. 581. William W. Burns, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. The mo-
tion for the appointment of counsel is granted and it is ordered that
Helen Washington, of Washington, D.C., a member of the Bar of this
Court be, and she is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for peti-
tioner in this case. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 553. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Fred N.
Acker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 558. United States, petitioner, v. Troyit Robinson et al. Mo-
tion of respondents for leave to proceed on typewritten papers
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 543. Gordon L. Harmsen, petitioner, v. Deane Fizzell, Theo
Fizzell, William Johnston, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 545. Fred N. Acker, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 550. Robert E. Funkhouser, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 565. Frank L. Dittmeier, petitioner, v. Missouri Real Estate
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 23. United Gas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Memphis
Light, Gas and Water Division; City of Memphis, Tennessee; Missis-
sippi Valley Gas Company; et al.;
No. 25. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Memphis Light,
Gas and Water Division, et al.; and
No. 26. Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Southern Natural
Gas Company, petitioners, v. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Divi-
sion, City of Memphis, Tennessee; and Mississippi Valley Gas Com-
pany. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 351. The Brown Paper Mill Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1959
138
No. 289, Misc. In re Guy N. Stafford, petitioner. Petitions for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 461. Ruth Page Fisher and Thomas Hart Fisher, petitioners,
v. Printing Developments, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for rehear-
ing and for other relief denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 199, Misc. Richard H. Clinton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 313, Misc. Ellis Raymond Williamson, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 358, Misc. Henry P. Heflin, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Director
of Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 408, Misc. Charles Hendrix, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 412, Misc. Leonard Alvarez, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 413, Misc. Billy Lee Glenn, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 416, Misc. William Glennon, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 437, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 469, Misc. Ursley Flowers, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 345, Misc. In the Matter of John J. Field, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1959
139
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 26, until Tues-
day, February 24, next.
No. 237. National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company of America
and the Equity Annuity Life Insurance Company; and
No. 290. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Vari-
able Annuity Life Insurance Company of America, and the Equity
Annuity Life Insurance Company. Argument continued by Mr. Ben-
jamin H. Dorsey for respondent, The Equity Annuity Life Insurance
Company, by Mr. Roy W. McDonald and Mr. James M. Earnest for
respondent, Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company of America,
and concluded by Mr. Thomas G. Meeker for the petitioner in No. 290.
No. 72. United States of America, appellant, v. George Donald
Shirey. Argued by Mr. Malcolm Anderson for the appellant and
by Mr. Donn I. Cohen for the appellee.
No. 8. Donald Joseph and Paul Pierce, petitioners, v. State of In-
diana. Argued by Mr. William S. Isham for the petitioners and by
Mr. Robert M. O'Mahoney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 20, will be as follows: Nos. 66,
68 (and 96), and 124.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1959
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Harry E. Kay, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon;
Herbert A. Spenner, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S.
Reuss; Oscar C. Rauch, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John J.
Rhodes; Paul D. Cantor, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss
Helen Rose Lally; Mark Stenson Tolle, of Dallas, Tex., and Robert
A. Prince, of Athens, Ga., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson;
Raymond A. White, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Philip El-
man; Forbes B. Henderson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. J.
Raymond Hoover; William Benjamin Moore, Jr., of Montgomery,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Marion Rushton; Joseph Ginsburg, of Sum-
mit, N. J., on motion of Mr. Fred W. Shields; Chester Arthur Wil-
liams, Jr., of Elizabeth, N. J., on motion of Mr. Paul Max Craig, Jr.;
Joseph M. McLaughlin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Gerard D. Reilly; Morris Harrell, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Emory Clark Smith; Maurice Reuler, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Joseph A. Sherier; Franklin B. McCarty, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; and Arthur J. Plantamura, of
Springdale, Conn., on motion of Mr. Norton S. Johnson, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 66. San Diego Building Trades Council, Millmen's Union,
Local 2020, Building Material and Dump Drivers, Local 36, peti-
tioners, v. J. S. Garmon, J. M. Garmon, and W. A. Garmon. Argued
by Mr. Charles P. Scully for the petitioners and by Mr. Marion B.
Plant for the respondents.
No. 68. T. I. M. E. Incorporated, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 96. Davidson Transfer & Storage Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Bryce Rea, Jr., for the
petitioner in No. 96, by Mr. W. D. Benson, Jr., for the petitioner in
No. 68 and by Mr. Morton Hollander for the respondent in both cases.
480278-59--37

TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1959
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
141
The day call for Wednesday, January 21, will be as follows: Nos.
124, 90, and 91.
✓

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1959
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
J. C. Wilson, of Buckeye, Ariz., and Ed W. Hughes, of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; Howard J. Marsh, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter G. Moyle; Lawrence N. Fariello,
of New York, N. Y., Italo Henry Ablondi, of New York, N. Y.,
Anthony J. Edwards, of New York, N. Y., Alexander A. Delle Cese,
of New York, N. Y., Vito A. Cardo, of New York, N. Y., Thomas
Cartelli, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Noel Giamboi, of New York,
N. Y., Vincent J. Velella, of New York, N. Y., Leonard P. DeNatale,
of New York, N. Y., Pasquale J. Amico, of New York, N. Y., Gennaro
L. Crispino, of New York, N. Y., Andrew A. Adinolfi, of New York,
N. Y., John Copertino, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Captain, of New
York, N. Y., Philip A. Greco, of New York, N. Y., Michael J. Greco,
of New York, N. Y., Joseph F. Fichera, of New York, N. Y., Joseph
W. Genzardi, of White Plains, N. Y., Anthony J. Cannistraci, of
New York, N. Y., Josephine Ferro, of New York, N. Y., Joseph F.
Cuccia, of New York, N. Y., Vincent J. DeRosa, of New York, N. Y.,
Vincent S. Conti, of New York, N. Y., Joseph F. Periconi, of New
York, N. Y., Vincent A. Giaquinto, of New York, N. Y., Nicholas P.
Iannuzzi, of New York, N. Y., Mario J. Cusati, of New York, N. Y.,
Vincent J. Di Stefano, of New York, N. Y., and Sylvester Cosentino,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred E. Santangelo; Rich-
ard J. Nardi, of New York, N. Y., Adolph C. Orlando, of New York,
N. Y., Angelo C. Ninivaggio, of New York, N. Y., Christopher L.
Ribaudo, of New York, N. Y., Arthur R. Martoccia, of New York,
N. Y., Louis C. Palella, of New York, N. Y., Anthony J. Mercorella,
of New York, N. Y., Ray V. Manfredi, of New York, N. Y., Thomas
A. Signorelli, of New York, N. Y., Lino J. Pietrantoni, of New
York, N. Y., Frank C. Termini, of New York, N. Y., Henry D.
Sforza, of Greenwich, Conn., Richard D. Magro, of Bronx, N. Y.,
Alexander Minella, of New York, N. Y., Frank J. Zeccola, of New
York, N. Y., Joseph J. Verdicchio, of New York, N. Y., Michael W.
LaPenna, of New York, N. Y., Michael F. Mazzola, of New York,
N. Y., Mario Merola, of New York, N. Y., Joseph A. Robustelli, of
New York, N. Y., Salvatore A. Locurto, of New York, N. Y., Edward
Papantonio, of New York, N. Y., Theresa E. DiCrocco, of New
180278-59- 38

י
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1959
143
York, N. Y., Augustine F. Massa, of New York, N. Y., and Ferdinand
J. Mondello, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Louis A. Pag-
nucco, were admitted to practice.
No. 124. Edward Leon Williams, petitioner, v. The State of Okla-
homa. Leave granted John A. Ladner, Jr., to appear and present
oral argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Sam
H. Lattimore. Argued by Mr. John A. Ladner, Jr., for the petitioner,
pro hac vice, by special leave to Court, and by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson
and Mr. Sam H. Lattimore for the respondent.
No. 90. Johnny Ray Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. William B. Moore, Jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. Leon Silverman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 22, will be as follows: Nos. 91,
267, and 174.
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 22, 1959
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
William Harrison Rosenthal, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Clair Engle; Richard Henry Markowitz, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Joseph T. McGowan, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
George B. Warburton; Charles I. Thompson, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Sherwin T. McDowell; Juanita Jackson Mit-
chell, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. George E. C. Hayes; James
Sewell Elliott, of Macon, Ga., on motion of Miss Clara E. Smith;
Jacob Sheinkman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert
Ferster; Edward M. Berol, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. William T. Croft; James T. Rasbury, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion
of Mr. Dominick Manoli; and John Conway Hunt, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Jo V. Morgan, were admitted to practice.
No. 91. Ray Cash, petitioner, v. R. O. Culver, State Prison Custo-
dian. Leave granted Mr. Edward S. Jaffry to appear and present
oral argument for the respondent, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Ir-
win L. Langbein. Argued by Mr. Irwin L. Langbein for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Edward S. Jaffry, pro hac vice, by special leave
of Court, for the respondent.
No. 267. Jack H. Kelly, petitioner, v. Vincent W. Kosuga. Argued
by Mr. Joseph W. Louisell for the petitioner and by Mr. Lee A. Free-
man for the respondent.
No. 174. United States of America, petitioner, v. Embassy Res-
taurant, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. John F. Davis for the petitioner
and by Mr. Richard H. Markowitz for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, January 26, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
480278-59-39

MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1959
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
Sam H. Bell, of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, and Herbert E. Hoffman, of
New York, N. Y.; on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Aylett B. Cotton, of Burlingame, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Charles K. McWhorter; Philip A. Hart, of Lansing, Mich., on motion
of Mr. John D. Dingell; Joseph H. Pleck, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Robert L. Stern; Herman E. Frick, of Louisville, Ky., and
Wm. E. Berry, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson
Rhyne; Joseph C. Kemp, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Lee
Williams; Robert A. Grimes, of Flint, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Frank G. Millard; Daniel S. Wentworth, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. George E. McMurray, Jr.; Stanley Escher Jennings,
of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. John W. Coggins; Joseph
Greenhill, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. G. Bowdoin Craig-
hill, Jr.; James Milton Coggs, of Washington, D. C., and Theodore
Washington Coggs, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Jesse O.
Dedmon, Jr.; Louis H. O. Fischman, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Donald Edward Van Koughnet; Wilbur O. Fields, of Louis-
ville, Ky., on motion of Mr. John Bonaventure Kenkel; George Peter
Jeffreys, of Lowell, Mass., on motion of Mr. David B. H. Martin;
Anthony A. Vermeulen, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Leonard
E. Akermann; Morton H. Kagen, of York, Pa., and Robert H. Grif-
fith, of York, Pa., on motion of Mr. Arthur Markowitz; John R.
Clayton, of Greeley, Colo., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Soller;
Walter Edward Dence, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Charles M.
Noone; Herbert Edelhertz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Miss
Selma M. Levine; James Martin Potter, of Reading, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Joseph Burns Kelly; Peter Anthony Chiregotis, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. William C. Fry; Winford Bland Jones, of
Thurmont, Md., on motion of Mr. Oliver Bassuener; Russell James
Wools, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Claude Carpenter,
Jr.; Anthony J. Sabella, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Gordon F. Harrison; William George Lavell, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. John T. M. Reddan; Richard Downing, Jr., of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Warwick M. Downing; Edward F.
480278-59- -40

MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1959
146
McKie, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Edward S. Irons;
and George Wm. Perry III, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Parke M. Banta, were admitted to practice.
No. 136. James Alonzo Draper, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded.
to the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 134. William C. Greene, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 468. William P. Rogers, Attorney General of the United States
as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Calumet
National Bank of Hammond, Substituted Trustee, etc., et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Appellate Court of Indiana for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 528. Norris Edward Bass, Doing Business as N. E. Bass,
Gladys, Virginia, appellant, v. United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, Atlantic Greyhound Corporation, et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Virginia. The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No 532. Silvio A. Lanza, appellant, v. State of New Jersey, by
Joseph E. McLean, Commissioner of Conservation and Economic
Development. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 572. Herrmann, Trustee, petitioner, v. Rogers, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for

MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1959
147
writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 581. William W. Burns, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. The order
of this Court of December 15, 1958, granting the petition for writ of
certiorari is modified so as to limit the review in this Court to the
question presented on page 2 of the petition for writ of certiorari
which reads as follows:
"Whether in a prosecution for Burglary, the Due Process Clause,
And The Equal Protection Clause, of the Fourteenth (14) Amendment
to the United States Constitution are violated by the refusal of the
Supreme Court of Ohio, to file the aforementioned legal proceedings,
because Petitioner was unable to secure the costs."
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 556. United States, appellant, v. Lucille Aldine Dege et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of California. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 557. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Insurance
Agents International Union, AFL-CIO. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 573. United States, petitioner, v. 93.970 Acres of Land et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 525. Arnold William Leifer, George Frederick Carnes and
John Henry McFarland, petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 554. Preformed Line Products Co., petitioner, v. Watson, Com-
missioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 566. James J. Laughlin, petitioner, v. Harrington, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1959
148
No. 568. Internatio-Rotterdam, Inc., petitioner, v. River Brand
Rice Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 574. Harold M. Koch et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 577. 93-970 Acres of Land et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 629. Local 107, Highway Truck Drivers and Helpers Union,
etc., petitioner, v. John L. McClellan et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 371. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Philco Corporation. Motion of Gerity Broadcasting Company for
leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit also denied.
No. 569. General Foods Corp., et al., petitioners, v. State Wholesale
Grocers et al. Motion of The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Com-
pany for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 575. Memorial National Home Foundation, petitioner, v.
Brown, Attorney General of California, et al. Motion of petitioner
for leave to proceed on typewritten papers granted. Pursuant to a
stipulation of the parties, Stanley Mosk, present Attorney General of
the State of California, is substituted as a party respondent in the
place and stead of Edmund G. Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 611. Delaware, petitioner, v. Francis J. Curran et al. Motion
of respondents for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 27. Arthur S. Flemming, Secretary of Health, Education, and
Welfare, petitioner, v. Florida Citrus Exchange, Frank R. Schell,
et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 453. Walter M. Briggs, Doing Business as Walt's Auto Parks
and Garages, appellant, v. The City of Los Angeles, the Board of
Police Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles, et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 1959
149
No. 483. Dr. Henry M. Ladrey, petitioner, v. Commission on Licen-
sure to Practice the Healing Art in the District of Columbia. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 300, Misc. Lawrence A. Trumblay, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 496, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Edward Eck-
werth, petitioner, v. Wilfred L. Denno, Warden. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 497, Misc. Manuel Joe Chavez, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 498, Misc. James M. Moore, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 276, Misc. Jesse McWhorter, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of Ohio et al. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Burton (Retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit beginning
February 2, 1959, and ending June 30, 1959, and for such further
time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to
28 U.S.C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court,
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
Adjourned until Tuesday, February 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 24, will be as follows: Nos.
110, 263, and 285.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Wm. Ephraim Cresswell, of Durant, Miss., Donald Allan Spear, of
Bath, Maine, Herbert Staats Bonney, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., John L.
Davies, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio, John D. Sears, Jr., of Bucyrus, Ohio,
and R. J. Turley, of Lexington, Ky., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral James Lee Rankin; William Evans Mitch, of Birmingham, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. W. K. Hopkins; Sam H. Burris, of Alice, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Malcolm R. Wilkey; Claude H. Bates, of Evansville,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Winfield K. Denton; Cullen B. Jones, Jr., of
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston, Jr.; James
Wood Chesnutt, of Hot Springs, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. F. Nor-
rell; Fred C. Newman, of Lansing, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles
Ernest Chamberlain; Warren Cristy Huff, of Atlanta, Ga., on mo-
tion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Harry E. Groves, of Houston, Tex.,
on motion of Mrs. Julia Perry Cooper; William Peabody Hassan, of
Boothbay Harbor, Maine, on motion of Mr. Stanley R. Tupper;
Januar D. Bove, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., and Clement C. Wood, of
Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Counihan; Harry I.
Stegmaier, of Cumberland, Md., and Oscar E. Pierce, of Louisville,
Ky., on motion of Mr. Earl Hubert Davis; Arthur Susswein, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Monroe Karasik; Edmond F. Mc-
Keown, of Daytona Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Wallace Haynes
Walker; Manuel George Gonzales, of Malibu, Calif., on motion of Mr.
D. Heywood Hardy; Richard F. Alden, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. L. Dana Latham; Richard B. Hutchinson, of Ebens-
burg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Wendell W. Lang, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Clement C. Rinehart; True D.
Morse, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Farrington;
Carl J. Felth, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Albert J. Clark;
and J. G. Chakeres, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James
Joseph Bierbower, were admitted to practice.
No. 43. The Vessel M/V "Tungus", her Boilers, etc., and Den
Norske Afrika-OG Australielinie, et al., petitioners, v. Olga Skov-
480278-59-41

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
151
gaard, Administratrix Ad Prosequendum of the Estate of Carl E.
Skovgaard, Deceased, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in Nos. 43 and 56 concurring in the
opinion of this Court. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan,
with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr.
Justice Douglas join, concurring in part and dissenting in part.
No. 56. United New York and New Jersey Sandy Hook Pilots
Association, a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Anna Halecki,
Administratrix Ad Prosequendum of the Estate of Walter Joseph
Halecki, Deceased, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Separate opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in Nos. 43 and 56 concurring in the
opinion of this Court. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and
Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 22. Joseph Kermarec, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale
Transatlantique. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York with instructions to reinstate the jury verdict
and enter judgment accordingly. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 91. Ray Cash, petitioner, v. R. O. Culver, State Prison Cus-
todian. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Florida for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 10. Allied Stores of Ohio, Inc., appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Ohio. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Justice
Harlan joins. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 9. The Youngstown Sheet & Tube Company, appellant, v.
Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio; and
No. 44. United States Plywood Corporation, petitioner, v. City of
Algoma. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
152
Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan
joins, dissenting on the main issue. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 124. Edward Leon Williams, petitioner, v. The State of Okla-
homa. On writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker.
Mr. Justice Douglas, being of the view that petitioner was in substance
tried for murder twice in violation of the guarantee against double
jeopardy, dissents.
No. 267. Jack H. Kelly, petitioner, v. Vincent W. Kosuga. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 29. William B. Cammarano and Louise Cammarano, his wife,
petitioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 50. F. Strauss & Son, Inc., of Arkansas, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 38. Railway Express Agency, Incorporated, appellant, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart joins.
No. 12. Northwestern States Portland Cement Company, appel-
lant, v. State of Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Minnesota; and
No. 33. T. V. Williams, State Revenue Commissioner, petitioner,
v. Stockham Valves and Fittings, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment in No. 12 affirmed. Judg-
ment in No. 33 reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Georgia for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Stewart join,
No. 137. Lurton Lewis Heflin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
153
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Alabama. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Jus-
tice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
No. 61. John H. Crumady, petitioner, v. "Joachim Hendrik
Fisser", her Engines, Tackle, Apparel, etc., Joachim Hendrik Fis-
ser, et al.; and
No. 62. "Joachim Hendrik Fisser", her Engines, Tackle, Apparel,
etc., petitioner, v. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc. On writs of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey reinstated.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Whit-
taker join.
No. 3. Francisco Romero, petitioner, v. International Terminal
Operating Co., Compania Trasatlantica, also known as Spanish Line
and Garcia & Diaz, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the South-
ern District of New York for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan dissenting in part and concurring in part.
No. 54. United States of America, appellant, v. Radio Corporation
of America and National Broadcasting Company, Inc. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. Judgment of District Court dismissing the action reversed
and case remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr.
Justice Harlan concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 546. City of Meridian, appellant, v. Southern Bell Telephone
and Telegraph Company. Appeal from the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mis-
sissippi for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
154
No. 549. Silas A. Chaffin, John J. Haney and Nancy Tyner a. k. a.
Nancy Haney, appellants, v. The People of the State of California.
Appeal from the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of Cali-
fornia, County of San Diego. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 576. W. E. Anderson, appellant, v. Corporation Commission of
Oklahoma et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 580. Kenneth George Hanauer et al., appellants, v. Elkins,
President of the University of Maryland, et al. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of Maryland. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
dissent. Opinion per curiam.
No. 587. United States, appellant, v. Evetts Haley, Jr. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Texas. The judgment is reversed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 589. Loren L. Landman et al., appellants, v. Miedzinski,
Sheriff, et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 234, Misc. Bernard Klein, petitioner, v. V. O. Lee, Adjudica-
tion Officer, Regional Office, Chicago, Illinois, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. The motion to substitute Herbert E. McDonald as
the party respondent in the place of V. O. Lee, retired, is granted.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for
writ of certiorari are granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illi-
nois with directions to dismiss the complaint as moot. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 331, Misc. Richard G. Riser, appellant, v. Warden of the Cali-
fornia State Prison at San Quentin. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of California. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 363, Misc. William H. Chapman, appellant, v. State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Franklin County. The
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opin-
ion per curiam.
480278-59-42

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
155
No. 427, Misc. Kenneth Webb, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Montgomery County.
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 428, Misc. Joseph Johnson, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Montgomery County.
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 10, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. This case is set for argument on Monday, October 12,
1959, on the motion of the United States for judgment, the answers
thereto, and on the motion to dismiss the cross-bill of the State of
Alabama. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or entry of this order.
No. 504. Charles Allen Taylor, petitioner, v. Neil McElroy, A.
Tyler Port. Further consideration of the respondents' suggestion of
mootness is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. The motion to allow
and fix time for filing plaintiffs' reply brief is granted and the time
is extended to and including March 31, 1959. The defendants are
allowed to and including March 31, 1959, to reply to the brief of the
Solicitor General, if so advised.
No. 339. Jerome S. Spevack, petitioner, v. Lewis L. Strauss et al.
The motion of petitioner for leave to add John A. McCone as a party
respondent is granted.
No. 372. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Philip L. Sullivan,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, Eastern Division, et al. The motion to remand and for
other relief is denied.
No. 567. United States, appellant, v. Parke, Davis and Company.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case
is transferred to the summary calendar.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
156
No. 571. Kinsella, Warden, appellant, v. United States ex rel.
Singleton. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. Motion of the appellee for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Case transferred to the summary calendar and
set for argument immediately following No. 570.
No. 597. Honorable Julius J. Hoffman, Judge of the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern
Division, petitioner, v. John F. Blaski et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No. 132. Robert Aquilino and Joseph Spero, d/b/a Home Mainte-
nance Company, and Colonial Sand and Stone Co., Inc., petitioners,
v. United States of America, Ada Bottone, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 559. John Patrick Henry, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 570. McElroy, Secretary of Defense, et al., petitioners, v.
United States ex rel. Dominic Guagliardo. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary cal-
endar.
No. 562. John L. Lewis et al., petitioners, v. Benedict Coal Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted; and
No. 563. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
Benedict Coal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted limited
to question 1 presented by the petition for the writ which reads as
follows:
"1. Where (1) the settlement of disputes section of collective bar-
gaining agreements antedating 1950 provided that Mine Workers
shall not engage in a work stoppage pending settlement of disputes
under grievance machinery procedures and such agreements con-
tained other 'no strike' clauses, and (2) under the Labor Management
Relations Act, 1947, 4ª the right to strike became a bargainable subject,
and (3) in 1950 UMW and coal operators signatories to the National
48 The Labor Management Relations Act, 1947, is herein called the "Act."

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
157
Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement of 1950, deleted such clauses there-
from and expressly covenanted that the 'no strike' clauses in prior
agreements were rescinded and made null and void, and (4) sig-
natories to such 1950 Agreement covenanted that stoppages, as well
as disputes, shall be settled exclusively under grievance machinery
procedures set forth in such contract, is a stoppage of work pending
settlement of a dispute cognizable under the grievance machinery pro-
cedures proscribed thereby and a violation of the 1950 Agreement
so as to subject UMW and District 28 to damage actions under the
Act's Section 301?"
Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 579. United States, petitioner, v. Durham Lumber Co., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the summary
calendar and assigned for argument immediately following No. 132.
No. 499, Misc. Bruce Wilson, petitioner, v. Major General John
F. Bohlander, Commander, Fitzsimons Army Hospital. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
Case transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the summary
calendar, and assigned for argument immediately following No. 571.
No. 531. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 535. Edna L. Keyes et al., petitioners, v. Gladeview Drainage
District, Palm Beach County, Florida, Public Debtor. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 590. Consolidated Electric Lamp Co., et al., petitioners, v.
Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 591. Anthony M. Grieco, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 593. Gilbert H. Miller et al., petitioners, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
158
No. 594. John L. Lewis et al., petitioners, v. Antonios G. Stampolis.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 595. Daniel J. Donovan, petitioner, v. Esso Shipping Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 598. Southern California Gas Company, petitioner, v. City of
Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 599. Bill William Prohoroff, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 601. Andrew Oroz, petitioner, v. American President Lines,
Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 602. Pennsylvania Railroad Co. et al., petitioners, v. James P.
McArdle et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 603. William L. Buchner, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 605. Harold Johnson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 606. Helen A. Davenport, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 607. Bradford Machine Tool Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 608. Susie Randolph, petitioner, v. George Stokes et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 609. Standard American Life, petitioner, v. Sheehan, Commis-
sioner of Insurance. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 610. Albert J. McDonald, petitioner, v. Robert W. O'Meara
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
480278-59-43

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
159
No. 613. St. Regis Tribe of Mohawk Indians, petitioner, v. New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 614. John C. O'Connor et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 615. Merritt M. Meredith, petitioner, v. John Deere Plow Co.
of Moline, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 617. Peter Paul, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Rederi A/B Pulp
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 618. United States Lines Co., petitioner, v. St. Paul Fire and
Marine Insurance Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 623. Swift & Co., petitioner, v. John Doe et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals of Missouri
denied.
No. 626. Danning, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 627. Hannahville Indian Community et al., petitioners, v.
Prairie Band of Potawatomi Indians et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 628. Pewee Coal Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 631. Jules S. Sottnek Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Central
Railroad Company of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 632. Southern Bleachery & Print Works, Inc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 635. Ladue & Co., petitioner, v. Rogers, Attorney General, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 636. Pacific Employers Insurance Co., petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission of the State of California et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
160
No. 637. Merchants Warehouse Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 638. Julius Hyman, petitioner, v. Continental Illinois Na-
tional Bank etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 639. Seaboard & Western Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board et al.; and
No. 645. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Pan American
World Airways, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 641. Chase Manhattan Bank, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 642. Eleanor M. Loeb, petitioner, v. William Loeb. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York and/or
Supreme Court of New York, New York County, denied.
No. 647. Gichner Iron Works, Inc., petitioner, v. Helen Hanna
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 651. John R. Bevil, Jr., et al., petitioner, v. Margaret O'Boyle
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 669. Charles L. Thomas et al., petitioners, v. Broadway Bap-
tist Church. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 501. Harry Dreis, as Executor Under the Last Will and Tes-
tament of Mildred T. Bishop, Deceased, petitioner, v. Ethel May
Bishop, Individually and as Administratrix C.T.A. of the Estate
of Cory Bishop, Deceased. Motion to dispense with printing response
to petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 596. Michael Stella, etc., petitioner, v. Graham-Paige Motors
Corp., et al. Motion to use the certified record in case No. 164, Octo-
ber Term, 1956, as a part of the record granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 600. Walter D. Hart et al., petitioners, v. Selected Investments
Trust Fund, etc., et al. Motion to substitute W. M. Harrison as a
party respondent in the place of Paul C. Duncan, resigned, granted.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
161
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 604. Skibs, “A/S Marie Bakke", petitioner, v. Otis McAllister
& Co. Motions of American President Lines, Ltd., Grace Line Inc.,
et al., and Lykes Bros. Steamship Co., Inc., et al, for leave to file
briefs, as amici curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 630. Geuder, Paeschke & Frey Co., petitioner, v. J. R. Clark
Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 640. Missouri Pacific Railroad Co., petitioner, v. John Doe
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Ap-
peals of Missouri denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 5. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners,
v. Sax Enterprises, Inc.; Leevlans Corporation; R. S. Levy, Daniel
Lifter and J. S. Lansburgh, as Trustee; et al.; and
No. 6. Hotel Employees Union, Local No. 255, et al., petitioners, v.
Harry Levy et al., Doing Business as Sherry Frontenac Hotel, Stuy-
vesant Corporation, Abe Allenberg, et al.;
No. 443. G & G Fishing Magnets, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. K & G
Oil Tool and Service Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 543. Gordon L. Harmsen, petitioner, v. Deane Fizzell, Theo
Fizzell, William Johnston, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 52. Harry A. Hahn, petitioner, v. Ross Island Sand & Gravel
Co., a Corporation. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 494. Puritan Church Building Fund, Harrison Parker and
Edith S. Parker, Trustees, petitioners, v. United States of America
at al.;
No. 511. Deep Sea Tankers, Limited, in its Own Behalf, as Owner
of the "S/T Rincon Hills", etc., and Shell Oil Company, Incorporated,
etc., petitioners, v. The Steamtug “Long Branch", the Railway Car-
floats Nos. 61 and 56, Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 514. States Steamship Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America, Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company,
Pacific National Fire Insurance Company, et al.;
No. 522. United States ex rel. George E. Thompson, petitioner, v.
William Lennox, Sheriff of Philadelphia;

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
162
No. 375, Misc. Gordon Allen Shepherd, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 459, Misc. Elmer David Bruner, petitioner, v. Donivon E.
Adams, Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 88, Misc. Archie L. Hampton, petitioner, v. John DeBlaay
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 225, Misc. Santiago Defillo and Viola Gonzalez, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 304, Misc. John W. McGuinn, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 306, Misc. Walter S. Nerwinski, petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden of Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 310, Misc. Drago Gostovich, petitioner, v. A. Valore, Adjudi-
cation Officer, Veterans Administration, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 338, Misc. Nonie Tenorio, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 361, Misc. Eddie Rena Hamer, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 364, Misc. Charlie Harris, petitioner, v. Donivan E. Adams,
Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 365, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Le Roy Cobb,
Petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell, Warden, Western State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 374, Misc. Roy Boggs, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
163
No. 378, Misc. John Lloyd, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. Mervin Green, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 381, Misc. Robert Jewell Landman, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 386, Misc. Paul R. Luttrell, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 387, Misc. Robert A. Ketchum, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 388, Misc. Ralph Marlyn Hicks, petitioner, v. State of Ore-
gon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon
denied.
No. 389, Misc. Charles Howard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 390, Misc. Charles Watkins, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden of Western State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tioari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 391, Misc. Thomas E. Young and Margaret Rita Young, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 399, Misc. Lloyd B. Hart, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 402, Misc. Felix Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. Walter Eugene Trice, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 406, Misc. Pleasant Stevens, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
164
No. 411, Misc. Edward Canfora, alias Frank Penzy, alias James
Raymondi, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 417, Misc. Joseph Ambrosini, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 418, Misc. Willis Lee Grove, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 419, Misc. Badruddin Gorsi, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 422, Misc. John Chapman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 430, Misc. Roscoe Jackson, alias Willie Williams, alias Ros-
coe Williams, petitioner, v. R. O. Culver, as State Prison Custodian.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 431, Misc. William Jackson, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 434, Misc. Joseph Dashosh, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 439, Misc. Ernest Peterson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 441, Misc. Herbert Boone, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 443, Misc. Harold Leo Roberts, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 444, Misc. Knox B. Jackson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
165
No. 448, Misc. Glenn Hensley, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 452, Misc. Charles L. Aaron, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Ap-
peals of Texas denied.
No. 456, Misc. David Cronin, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Conboy,
Superintendent of Great Meadow Correctional Institution et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 464, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. William F.
Steiner, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 475, Misc. Theodore A. Sewell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. James E. Pitts, petitioner, v. Lawrence P. Keenan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 481, Misc. Stanley C. Majewski, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director of Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 484, Misc. Robert L. Jefferson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 485, Misc. Lowell E. Suit, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of ceritorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 134, Misc. John A. Deese, petitioner, v. R. O. Culver, Direc-
tor of Corrections, Tallahassee, Florida. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied without prejudice to
an application for a writ of habeas corpus in an appropriate United
States District Court.
No. 206, Misc. Clyde Flowers, petitioner, v. The Travelers Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 349, Misc. Thomas Jefferson Davis, petitioner, v. State of
Ohio et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1959
166
No. 405, Misc. Harvey Carpenter, petitioner, v. Honorable Arthur
F. Lederle, Chief Judge, United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Michigan, etc., et al. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus and for other relief denied.
No. 420, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. W. M. Reese, Sher-
iff of McKean County, Pennsylvania;
No. 449, Misc. Walter E. Morse, petitioner, v. United States At-
torney General;
No. 471, Misc. Frank Savage, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden; and
No. 539, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. William F.
Steiner, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 392, Misc. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Ralph Grimes,
Sheriff of Fulton County, Georgia. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus and for other relief denied. Treating the
papers submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
-
No. . Theodore R. Gibson et al., petitioners, v. Florida Legis-
lative Investigation Committee. The application for a stay of the
judgment of the Supreme Court of Florida and proceedings pursuant
thereto, presented to Mr. Justice Black, and by him referred to the
Court, is granted and the execution of such judgment and proceedings
pursuant thereto is stayed pending the timely filing and disposition
of a petition for certiorari.
No. 110. Tak Shan Fong, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. William B. Mahoney for the petitioner and by Mr.
John F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 263. Rudolf Ivanovich Abel, also known as "Mark" and also
known as Martin Collins and Emil R. Goldfus, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. James B. Donovan
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 25, will be as follows: Nos.
263, 285, 76, and 88.
☑

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1959
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
John Joseph O'Brien, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Charles A. Vanik, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; Joseph Henry Wolf, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. D. Heywood Hardy; Robert John Stroebel,
of Saginaw, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles Ernest Chamberlain;
Lee Bryan Lanter, of Williamstown, Ky., on motion of Mr. Brent
Spence; S. White Rhyne, Jr., of Washington, D.C., and Leonard
H. Davis, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne;
L. Arnold Pyle, of Jackson, Miss., and Julian P. Alexander, Jr.,
of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell; Gerald
R. Moran, of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Edwin G. Martin; Wil-
liam M. Doty, of Chicago, Ill., and Robert A. Bussian, of Roswell,
N. Mex., on motion of Mr. John A. Bussian; Alex L. Rosen, of New
York, N.Y., Marvin N. Rosen, of New York, N.Y., and Arnold A.
Weinstein, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard Greeley
Wynne; George Mathews, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr.
Weston B. Grimes; Morris Duane, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Warren Price, Jr.; Diana Kearny Powell, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Miss Laura Maria Berrien; and Arthur E.
Neuman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ben Paul Noble,
were admitted to practice.
No. 263. Rudolf Ivanovich Abel, also known as "Mark" and also
known as Martin Collins and Emil R. Goldfus, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Rankin for the respondent and concluded by Mr. James B. Donovan
for the petitioner.
No. 285. United States of America, petitioner, v. Isthmian Steam-
ship Company. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the petitioner
and by Mr. Clement C. Rinehart for the respondent.
480278-59-44

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1959
168
No. 76. Klor's, Inc., petitioner, v. Broadway-Hale Stores, Inc.,
Admiral Corporation, Admiral Distributors, Inc., et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Maxwell Keith for the petitioner, continued by
Mr. Philip Elman for the United States, as amicus curiae, and con-
tinued by Mr. Moses Lasky for the respondents.
Adjournment until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 26, will be as follows: Nos.
76, 88, 276, and 92.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1959
169
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Thomas J. Brown, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry
S. Reuss; Edward G. Madden, Jr., of Kearny, N.J., on motion of
Mr. Peter W. Rodino, Jr.; William L. Coleman, of Marysville, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; William O. Breedlove, of Brown-
wood, Tex., on motion of Mr. O. Clark Fisher; Julius Jay Perlmutter,
of Miami Beach, Fla., Noel P. Fox, of Muskegon, Mich., and Donald
John Lett, of Mansfield, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Philip Elman; Max
Paul Flusche, Jr., of Amarillo, Tex., and James Edward Greene, of
Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; David E. Brad-
shaw, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson; Isidore
Bergner, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solomon Dimond;
Daniel Herbert Margolis, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Victor H. Kramer; Margaret P. Allen, of Philadelphia, Pa., Paul
R. Duke, of Philadelphia, Pa., and William J. Taylor, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., on motion of Mr. John B. Prizer; John Wingo Knowles,
of Richmond, Va., and Robert D. McIlwaine III, of Petersburg,
Va., on motion of Mr. Kenneth C. Patty; Earle K. Shawe, of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Warren Woods; Stuart I. Levin, of
Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Leon Morris Shinberg; Leslie
W. Fleming, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. William A. Grimes;
Sam D. Bartlo, of Hudson, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole;
Patrick E. McGee, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas
J. Raynolds; Cornelius C. O'Brien, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Robert B. Frank; Maxwell Allan Howell, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William A. Roberts; Thomas H.
Tongue III of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Chas. H. Heltzel;
Robert C. Boyce, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William
M. Burkhalter; Dan Jack Combs, of Pikeville, Ky., on motion of
Mr. Harrison Combs; and Newman A. Townsend, Jr., of Raleigh,
N.C., on motion of Mr. Seymour Sheriff, were admitted to practice.
No. 76. Klor's, Inc., petitioner, v. Broadway-Hale Stores, Inc., Ad-
miral Corporation, Admiral Distributors, Inc., et al. Argument con-
480278-59--45

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1959
170
tinued by Mr. Moses Lasky for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
Maxwell Keith for the petitioner.
No. 88. Edgar B. Sims, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Fred H. Caplan for the petitioner and by Miss Melva
Graney for the respondent.
No. 276. Robert C. Herd & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Krawill
Machinery Corporation, Kraus Manufacturing Corporation, and En-
gineering Industries International, S.A. Argued by Mr. George
W. P. Whip for the petitioner and by Mr. William A. Grimes for the
respondents.
No. 92. Service Storage and Transfer Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. Argument commenced by Mr. Francis W.
McInerny for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Robert D. McIl-
waine III for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 92,
446, 246, 153, and 155.
✗

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Mary Ellen Caldwell, of Baton Rouge, La., and Hyman P. Galbut,
of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Donald Cochran Bush, of Mount Lebanon, Pa., and Hubert
I. Teitelbaum, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Malcolm Ander-
son; John S. Monagan, of Waterbury, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Thomas J. Dodd, Jr.; J. King Rosendale, of Cleveland, Ohio, and
Maurice F. Hanning, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Vanik; Norman Shutler, of Kingfisher, Okla., on motion of Mr. Toby
Morris; Herbert Louis Nadeau, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Thomas H. Anderson; Trent H. Zeppa, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Charles K. McWhorter; Thomas W. Chapman, of St. Louis, Mo.,
and Wilton D. Chapman, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Herbert
J. Jacobi; John J. Crown, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr.
Alan F. Wohlstetter; Mary M. Kaufman, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; John R. Hally, of Boston, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. Eugene Leslie Grimm; Amos L. Ponder, Jr., of New Or-
leans, La., on motion of Mr. Selim Barnett Lemle; George W.
Renaudin, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Edward D. Vickery;
Herbert Lasky, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. John Palmer Wit-
sil; H. Paul Baker, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Milton M. Fer-
rell; Louis J. Carter, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Donald
A. Brown; Michael Caputo, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Spencer M. Beresford; Wendell J. Doggett, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. William P. McClure; Otto F. Putnick, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edgar Wolfe Holtz; Eugene F. Sikorovsky,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Beaty; Robert
H. Ford, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank Greenberg; and
Seymour Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William C.
Mattison, were admitted to practice.
No. 11. Nathaniel Harris, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
480278-59-46

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
172
Clark. Mr. Chief Justice Warren concurs in the result. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 53. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v. Joseph
C. O'Neill. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Florida for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 36. Walter N. Aho, petitioner, v. Christina Jacobsen. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Massachusetts for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 142. Brown-Forman Distillers Corporation, appellant, v. Col-
lector of Revenue. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 424. James E. McDaniel, petitioner, v. "M/S Lisholt," her
Engines, etc., and A. S. Lise, her owner. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals, judgment vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 524. E T & W N C Transportation Company, a Corporation,
appellant, v. James S. Currie, Commissioner of Revenue of the State
of North Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina. Judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart dissent.
No. 621. New Jersey et al., appellants, v. United States et al.; and
No. 622. County of Bergen et al., appellants, v. United States et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the District of
New Jersey. Motions to affirm granted and judgment affirmed. Opin-
ion per curiam.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
173
No. 41. The New York Central Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Board of Public Utility Commissioners of the State of New Jersey,
the State of New Jersey, et al. The motion to continue and for other
relief is denied.
No. 157. Lewis M. Stevens, Successor to Joseph Lawler as Secre-
tary of Highways of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., appel-
lants, v. J. K. Creasy, William W. McNamee, Jack C. Marshell, et al.
The motion to substitute David L. Lawrence and Park H. Martin in
the place of George M. Leader and Lewis M. Stevens as parties ap-
pellant is granted.
No. 178. “SS Monrosa", her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Navigazione
Alta Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc. The motion
of American Institute of Marine Underwriters for leave to file brief,
as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 378. Anonymous Nos. 6 and 7, appellants, v. Hon. George A₁
Arkwright, as Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
The motion to substitute Edward G. Baker in the place of George A.
Arkwright, retired, as the party appellee is granted.
No. 307. Ellen Goett, as Administratrix of the Estate of Marvin
Paul Goett, Deceased, petitioner, v. Union Carbide Corporation and
Amherst Barge Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary clendar.
No. 438. Henry L. Hess, Jr., Administrator of the Estate of
George William Graham, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 448. Daniel J. Sentilles, petitioner, v. Inter-Caribbean Ship-
ping Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 541. Edgar Allen West, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica, United States Department of Commerce, Maritime Administra-
tion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar. Case set for argument immediately following
No. 307.
No. 350, Misc. George Lee Parker, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
174
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Case transferred to
the appellate docket.
No. 48. City of Tallahassee, a Municipal Corporation Organized
under the State Laws of Florida, petitioner, v. Olan Mills Incorpo-
rated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Flor-
ida denied.
No. 588. American Gilsonite Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 643. James A. Noe et al., petitioners, v. Federal Communica-
tions Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 644. Theodore J. Chapin et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 646. Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., petitioner, v. Wilburn
Boat Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 648. Marvin Irving Tamarkin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 650. Arnold Hankinson, petitioner, v. Hon. Francis L. Van
Dusen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 652. George Sollitt Construction Co., petitioner, v. Gateway
Erectors, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 653. Brynia Byrd et al., petitioners, v. Lawrence Stein et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Antoinette M. Faraco, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 658. Maurice B. Baldwin and La Rissa M. Baldwin, peti-
tioners, v. The Board of Tax Roll Corrections of Oklahoma County
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 662. California Tanker Company, petitioner, v. Albert Rear-
don. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
175
No. 666. J. Turner Butler et al., petitioners, v. William Alexander
Watts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of Florida, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 667. City and County of Denver et al., petitioners, v. Davidson
Chevrolet, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Colorado denied.
No. 695. Appalachian Electric Power Co., petitioner, v. C. C.
McKinney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 147. Irene Hill, Administratrix of the Estate of Benjamin
Hill, Deceased, petitioner, v. Waterman Steamship Corporation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 487. Walter Filipek, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc., and Eastern Rigging Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 585. Nicholas Ferrailolo, petitioner, v. F. R. Newman. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 612. Kaplan Trucking Co., petitioner, v. Bowers, Tax Commis-
sioner of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 532. Silvio A. Lanza, appellant, v. State of New Jersey, by
Joseph E. McLean, Commissioner of Conservation and Economic De-
velopment; and
No. 537. The Second Federal Savings and Loan Association of
Cleveland, appellant, v. Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 283, Misc. Grover Cleveland McDaniel, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 509. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific
Railroad Company. The motion to join or substitute parties plaintiff
is denied. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and
application.
480278-59- -47

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
176
No. 267, Misc. Earl Kill Smith, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 328, Misc. William Crain, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 351, Misc. Russell L. Hayes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 393, Misc. Homer L. Loomis, petitioner, v. William P. Rogers,
Attorney General of the United States, et al., Garnishees. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 409, Misc. Robert G. Lemaster, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director of Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 414, Misc. Robert Marion Boykin, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 421, Misc. Charles Leroy Hamm, petitioner, v. Paul H. Mans-
field, Commonwealth's Attorney, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 423, Misc. United States of America ex rel. John Williams,
petitioner, v. Daniel McMann, Acting Warden, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 424, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden of Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 425, Misc. Matthew Carney, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden of Clinton Prison, New York. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 432, Misc. Virgil V. Lampe, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 435, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United States
Veterans Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 438, Misc. Calvin Shivers, petitioner, v. V. L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
177
No. 440, Misc. Ralph Freccia, Jr., petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 442, Misc. Richard E. James, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 445, Misc. Clyde E. Wells, petitioner, v. Donivon E. Adams,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 447, Misc. John G. St. Lawrence, petitioner, v. Donald C.
Clemmer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 450, Misc. Cleve Courtney, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 451, Misc. Robert M. Cromwell, petitioner, v. John Foster
Dulles, Secretary of State, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 453, Misc. George Johnson, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 454, Misc. Charles Shane, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 473, Misc. Woodrow Covington, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 474, Misc. Emory R. Scott, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 478, Misc. Milton Williams, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 486, Misc. Warren Paul Beghtel, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 487, Misc. Joseph Morgan, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
178
No. 488, Misc. Richard F. Deckhart, petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 489, Misc. William E. Edwards, Jr., petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 492, Misc. Orville Defoe, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 493, Misc. Melvin Joseph Conerly, petitioner, v. Kenneth W.
Newell, Judge, Superior Court, County of Los Angeles. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 530, Misc. Leo Lee, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 321, Misc. Ramon Antonio Fournier Sampedro, petitioner, v.
The People of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 426, Misc. Carl E. Owens, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California and for other relief denied.
No. 415, Misc. John F. Moore, petitioner, v. John F. McNeill,
M.D., Superintendent of Matteawan State Hospital; and
No. 436, Misc. Karl E. Morrison, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 490, Misc. Jay R. Kurth, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 9, until Monday,
March 23, next.
No. 446. Michael Glus, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern District
Terminal. Argued by Mr. Seymour Schwartz for the petitioner and
by Mr. William C. Mattison for the respondent.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1959
179
No. 246. Wadelmiro Arroyo, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. John R. Hally for the petitioner and by Mr.
Eugene S. Grimm for the respondent.
No. 153. Norton R. Ganger, L. C. Bethart, Thomas B. Hamilton,
et al., appellants, v. City of Miami, a Municipal Corporation in Dade
County, Existing Under the Law of the State of Florida. Argument
commenced by Mr. Thomas H. Anderson for the appellants and con-
tinued by Mr. Herbert L. Nadeau for the appellants and by Mr. Mil-
ton M. Ferrell for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 153,
155, 161, and 178.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1959
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Joseph S. Vera, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr. Leverett
Saltonstall; Ralph Robert Perry, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Brice Wilson Rhyne; Charles J. Steele, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. John J. Carmody; David L. Maloof, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph T. McGowen; Calvin J. Friedberg,
of Mahanoy City, Pa., and Joseph H. Jones, of Pottsville, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Lipman Redman; and Herbert H. Pensig, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solomon Z. Ferziger, were admitted to
practice.
No. 153. Norton R. Ganger, L. C. Bethart, Thomas B. Hamilton,
et al., appellants, v. City of Miami, a Municipal Corporation in Dade
County, Existing Under the Law of the State of Florida. Argument
continued by Mr. Milton M. Ferrell for the appellee and concluded by
Mr. Thomas H. Anderson for the appellants.
No. 155. Southwestern Sugar and Molasses Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
River Terminals Corporation. Argued by Mr. Amos L. Ponder, Jr.,
for the petitioner and by Mr. Selim B. Lemle for the respondent.
No. 161. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Kentucky Finance Company, Inc.,
and Kentucky Discount, Inc. Argued by Miss Bessie Margolin for
the petitioner and by Mr. Harold H. Levin for the respondents.
No. 178. "SS Monrosa," her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Navigazione
Alta Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc. Argument
commenced by Mr. E. D. Vickery for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 178,
218 (and 305), 233, and 278.
Х
480278-59– -48

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1959
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Dorothy Daughtridge Goodwin, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Dallas S. Townsend; Julius L. Schapira, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Herman Wolkinson; Douglas MacLeod, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Carl Atwood Elliott; Louis L. Ramsay, Jr., of
Pine Bluff, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. F. Norrell; Leon H. Kline, of
Philadelphia, Pa., and Harold Berger, of Philadelphia, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. David Berger; Mark Bernard Sandground, of Alexandria,
Va., on motion of Mr. Donald Keith Graham; Albert Lee Singer, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Sullivan; Paul O. H.
Pigman, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Marion Edwyn Har-
rison; John Robert Jones, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Clyde
S. Bailey; H. Carl Butler, of Baltimore, Md., Hyman K. Cohen, of
Baltimore, Md., and Alexander Yankelove, of Baltimore, Md., on mo-
tion of Mr. Benjamin Lipsitz; Robert L. Bailey, of Norman, Okla.,
Denzil D. Garrison, of Bartlesville, Okla., John T. Levergood, of
Shawnee, Okla., Edward L. Bond, of Duncan, Okla., William E.
Haney, of Topeka, Kans., and Tom H. Morford, of Cherokee, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh Coleman Nolen; and Stanton E. Tefft, of
Manchester, N.H., on motion of Mr. R. Morton Adams, were admitted
to practice.
No. 178. "SS Monrosa", her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Naviga-
zione Alta Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Joseph T. McGowan for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. E. D. Vickery for the petitioners.
No. 218. Emory W. Parsons, Erma M. Parsons, Howard H. Par-
sons, et al., petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith, Former Collector of In-
ternal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania; and
No. 305. George Huss, Russell Huss and Wesley Huss, petitioners,
v. Francis R. Smith, Former Collector of Internal Revenue for the
First District of Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. Sherwin T. Mc-
Dowell for the petitioners in No. 218, by Mr. David Berger for the
petitioners in No. 305 and by Mr. Howard A. Heffron for the
respondent in both cases.
480278-59-49

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1959
182
No. 233. Naomi Petty, Administratrix of the Estate of Faye R.
Petty, Deceased, petitioner, v. Tennessee-Missouri Bridge Commis-
sion, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Douglas MacLeod for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. James M. Reeves for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 278,
339, and 234.

THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1959
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Richard Bailey Pearl, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh
D. Scott, Jr.; Sidney Greenman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. William Simon; Jerome F. Duggan, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Miles D. Kennedy; Harvey Marvin Silets, of Chicago, Ill., and
Herman L. Schoen, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard B.
Sand; Frank W. Miga, of Providence, R. I., on motion of Mr. Louis
H. LeMieux; James Q. Smith, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
Robert Sidney Leigh; David P. Bernstein, of Baltimore, Md., on mo-
tion of Mr. Benjamin Lipsitz; Charles H. Helsper, of Vienna, Va.,
Mitchell Leikin, of Chicago, Ill., and Leonard Rose, of Evanston, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh H. Howell, Jr.; David W. Stephens, of Fort
Worth, Tex., and Charles Joseph Murray, of Fort Worth, Tex., on
motion of Mr. David T. Searls; and W. Thomas Gisriel, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. James H. Norris, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 278. Aaron D. Frank, appellant, v. State of Maryland.
Argued by Mr. Benjamin Lipsitz for the appellant and by Mr. James
H. Norris, Jr., and Mr. C. Ferdinand Sybert for the appellee. Memo-
randum to come.
No. 339. Jerome S. Spevack, petitioner, v. Lewis L. Strauss et al.
Argued by Mr. Joseph Y. Houghton and Mr. Carleton U. Edwards II
for the petitioner and by Mr. Leonard B. Sand for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, March 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
480278-59--50

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Harold C. Brown, of San Francisco, Calif., and Alan S. Ward, of
Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Ran-
kin; Berne H. Shanholt, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph
W. Yarborough; Charles C. Redmond, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Robert P. Griffin, of Traverse City, Mich.,
John Earl Jenkins, Jr., of Huntington, W. Va., Stanley Rhey Cox,
Jr., of Morgantown, W. Va., Charles Edward Ide, Jr., of Toledo,
Ohio, and Orin E. Atkins, of Ashland, Ky., on motion of Mr. Charles
Ernest Chamberlain; Robert Nathan Katz, of St. Joseph, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Leonard Louison, of Taunton,
Mass., and Melvin S. Louison, of Taunton, Mass., on motion of Miss
Agnes A. Neill; James M. Schuette, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion
of Mr. James O'Donnell Moran; William R. Glendon, of Scarsdale,
N. Y., and Joseph T. Childs, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Ralph D. Pittman; Homer D. Johnson, of Pampa, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. William E. Miller; Robert W. Gilbert, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Louis Allen Nissen, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Max M. Kampelman; Oscar C. Sattinger, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and Lillian S. Sattinger, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Oliver Graves; Robert M. Fendorf, of Omaha, Nebr., on
motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; David S. Goldberg, of Charleston,
S. C., on motion of Mr. I. Irwin Bolotin; David Busby, of Ada, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Robert T. Murphy; Cecil L. Hunt, of Tulsa, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Frederick M. Rowe; Edwin J. Reis, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. John Clarke Mason; and Robert J. Keefe, of
St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Gordon F. Harrison, was admitted
to practice.
No 4. Emanuel Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stew-
art. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan
join.
480278-59-51

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
185
No. 174. United States of America, petitioner, v. Embassy Restau-
rant, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr.
Justice Douglas concur.
No. 153. Norton R. Ganger, L. C. Bethart, Thomas B. Hamilton,
et al., appellants, v. City of Miami, a Municipal Corporation in Dade
County, Existing under the Law of the State of Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a properly presented substantial federal question. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk will not be announced orally."
No. 552, Misc. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. Frank G. Sain,
Sheriff of Cook County, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari granted. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois. Opinion per curiam.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. The motion of the
Solicitor General for an extension of time to file a brief in these
cases is granted and the time is extended to and including April
15, 1959. The plaintiffs are allowed to and including April 30, 1959,
to file their reply brief to the answer of the defendants and to reply
to the brief of the Solicitor General, if so advised. Defendants are
allowed to and including April 30, 1959, to reply to the brief of the
Solicitor General, if so advised.
-
No. In the Matter of Walter A. Kiolbasa. The motion to
amend the attorneys' roll to show the change of name of Walter A.
Kiolbasa to Walter A. Kolby is granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
186
No. 649. Mackey, Commissioner of Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service, et al., appellants, v. Francisco Mendoza-Martinez. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of California. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 552. The Minneapolis & St. Louis Railway Company, appel-
lant, v. United States of America et al.;
No. 620. South Dakota et al., appellants, v. United States et al.;
and
No. 633. Minnesota et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Ap-
peals from the United States District Court for the District of
Minnesota. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the
cases are transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 657. Jadie S. Adams, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 659. Arthur Bary et al., petitioners, v. United States et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 660. Cornelius H. Doherty, petitioner, v. David G. Bress. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 663. Monroe Zipp et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 664. United States, petitioner, v. Kiowa, Comanche and
Apache Tribes of Indians; and
No. 665. Kiowa, Comanche and Apache Tribes of Indians, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 674. E. A. Dawley, Jr., petitioner, v. City of Norfolk, Va.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Merchant's Fast Motor Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. J. R.
Lane et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Lee Oliphant et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen et al. In view of the abstract con-
text in which the questions sought to be raised are presented by this
record, the petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
187
No. 655. Beachview Broadcasting Corp., petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission. The motion for leave to add Tidewa-
ter Teleradio, Inc., as a party respondent is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 668. William Leighton, petitioner, v. Rogers, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, et al. The motion to use the record in No.
348, October Term, 1957, is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 672. Aurelio Zacarias, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Carroll v. United States, 354 U.S. 394.
No. 49, Misc. Barney Alvin Kelley, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard Branch. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Macon County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 261, Misc. Mary Lee Garnes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 266, Misc. Rudolph Reyes Leyvas, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 302, Misc. Batson W. Noble, petitioner, v. Personnel Board
of Jefferson County, Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 337, Misc. Chauncey W. Whitt, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 457, Misc. Charles Bohme, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 462. Thomas E. Hawks, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, Illinois, denied.
No. 472, Misc. James Lyons, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
188
No. 491, Misc. Joseph H. Green, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 494, Misc. Douglas Warren Dailey, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 503, Misc. Michael Spack, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 505, Misc. Richard Young, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Direc-
tor of Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 508, Misc. John Powell, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 509, Misc. Tyler W. Berry, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 510, Misc. Samuel J. Gallarelli, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 516, Misc. John E. Kirby, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 518, Misc. Frank E. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 522, Misc. Arthur Dixon, petitioner, v. Honorable James V.
Bartley, Judge of the Circuit Court of Will County. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 526, Misc. Edgar J. Murdaugh, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 325, Misc. Walter Juzwiak, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 366, Misc. Donald Eugene King, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1959
189
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 397, Misc. Robert Starr, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 369, Misc. Michael Deveny, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion to add American Casualty Company of Read-
ing, Pennsylvania, as a party respondent is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 461, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey; and
No. 519, Misc. Ray Lee Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph O. Kearney,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 23, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 23, will be as follows: Nos. 234,
248, and 127.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
John J. Relihan, of Bridgeport, Conn., James Harvey Fort, of
Columbus, Ga., Donald R. Smith, of Bridgeport, Conn., John Philip
Fray, of Fairfield, Conn., Albert C. Woodcock, of New York, N.Y.,
Alba L. Whiteside, of Columbus, Ohio, William Wisse, of Warner
Robins, Ga., William G. Linehan, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Francis
Elwood Mosetick, Jr., of Brookfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; J. William Barba, of Bernardsville, N.J.,
and Henry Roemer McPhee, of Princeton, N.J., on motion of Mr.
Gerald D. Morgan; Douglas Andrew Jacobson, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; Jerome Silver, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Van Earl Danner, of Ells-
worth, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Robert Max
Blum, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John V. Lindsay; Richard
Meade Riley, of Lynn, Mass., and Jeremiah William Doyle 3d, of
Newburyport, Mass., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Lane; David Gordon
Saunders, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. H. Allen Smith;
Edward R. Finck, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph
Yarborough; Forrest Nolan Welmaker, of San Antonio, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; Thomas R. Reid, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Raymond Del Tufo, Jr., of Newark,
N.J., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Ben Baines, of San Antonio,
Tex., Ralph Kendall Roberson, of Tampa, Fla., Joe Slator Petsch, of
Fredericksberg, Tex., James John Vogel, of Bradford, Pa., George
Dayton Schrader, of Lexington, Ky., and Edmond J. McElligott, of
Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Harold
Ward Snyder, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Norman Dale Kull, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Byron Nicholson Scott; Neil
Bernard Kabatchnick, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dayton
M. Harrington; William H. Moore III, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Frederick Stewart Gilbert, Jr.; Joseph Z. Sudow, of
Peoria, Ill., and Sol A. Hoffman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Seymour J. Rubin; Mark A. Getzendaner, of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. John A. McIntire; Richard L. Braun, of Santa Monica, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Nicholas J. Chase; James Aloysius Kelly, of Scran-
ton, Pa., on motion of Mr. John Francis Lally; Vincent M. Simko, of
480278-59-52

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
191
Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. John D. Lane; John A. Wiener,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward S. Greenbaum; Mat-
thews Calvert Till, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James M.
Nabrit, Jr.; Sanford I. Carter, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; Robert G. Clark, of Silver Spring, Md., on
motion of Mr. Samuel H. Horne; Haywood H. Hillyer, Jr., of New
Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Milton C. Denbo; Mario E. De Orchis,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John T. Casey; Clarence W.
Newsome, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Oliver W. Hill; and
Booth Shepard, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Ralph D.
Pittman, were admitted to practice.
No. 88. Edgar B. Sims, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whit-
taker.
No. 110. Tak Shan Fong, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice
Douglas dissent.
No. 290. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Vari-
able Annuity Life Insurance Company of America, and the Equity
Annuity Life Insurance Company; and
No. 237. National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company of America, and
the Equity Annuity Life Insurance Company. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom
Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr.
Justice Whittaker join.
No. 8. Donald Joseph and Paul Pierce, petitioners, v. State of
Indiana. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana.
The writ of certiorari is dismissed as improvidently granted. Opin-
ion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 135. Billy G. Woody, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
192
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 339. Jerome S. Spevack, petitioner, v. Lewis L. Strauss et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia and that court is in-
structed: (1) If petitioner has by May 25, 1959, paid the patent fee
for his patent, and has not requested a suspension or delay in the
issuance thereof, or has withdrawn any such request theretofore made,
to continue the case and the restraining orders entered herein by The
Chief Justice until the patent issues, and then to dismiss the complaint
as moot; (2) otherwise, on May 25, 1959, to dismiss the complaint on
the ground that, apart from the merits of the controversy, the grant
of the extraordinary equitable relief of an injunction at that stage of
the proceedings would not be warranted. Upon the fulfillment of
either of these conditions, the proceedings heretofore had in the
two lower courts are vacated. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 578. A. Z. Handford, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 656. City of Los Angeles et al., appellants, v. Public Utilities
Commission of California et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
California. The motion of The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company et al. to be added as parties appellee is granted. Motions
to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable
jurisdiction should be noted. Opinion per curiam.
No. 155, Misc. Alfred Page, Sr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
193
No. 336, Misc. Henry Cephas, appellant, v. State of West Vir-
ginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia. Appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 263. Rudolf Ivanovich Abel, also known as "Mark" and also
known as Martin Collins and Emil R. Goldfus, petitioner, v. United
States of America. It is ordered that this case be set for reargument
on October 12, 1959, at the head of the calendar for that date. Upon
reargument counsel are requested to discuss in their further briefs
and oral arguments, in addition to other issues, the following ques-
tions:
1. Whether under the laws and Constitution of the United States
(a) the administrative warrant of the New York Acting District Di-
rector of the Immigration and Naturalization Service was validly is-
sued, (b) such administrative warrant constituted a valid basis for
arresting petitioner or taking him into custody, and (c) such warrant
furnished a valid basis for the searches and seizures affecting his per-
son, luggage, and the room occupied by him at the Hotel Latham.
2. Whether, independently of such administrative warrant, peti-
tioner's arrest, and the searches and seizures affecting his person, lug-
gage, and the room occupied by him at the Hotel Latham, were valid
under the laws and Constitution of the United States.
3. Whether on the record before us the issues involved in Questions
"1(a)," "1(b)," and "2" are properly before the Court.
Upon reargument each side will be allowed one and one-half hours.
for oral argument.
No. 594, Misc. In the Matter of Disbarment of John Harvey
Crow. It is ordered that John Harvey Crow, of Urbana, Ohio, be
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court and that a rule
issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him to show cause why
he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 15, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. States of Michi-
gan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, New York, and Wisconsin. The
motion of the States of Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania for an ex-
tension of time to answer the motion for leave to file the complaint is
granted and the time is extended to and including March 31, 1959.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
194
No. 64, Misc. Ernest Dossy Yancy, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 555. Nez Perce Tribe of Indians et al., petitioners, v. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 624. Eugene J. Arnfeld et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 661. United States, petitioner, v. Elmer B. Wiggins. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 670. Max Padell, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 671. A. D. Juilliard & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Johnson, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 673. John M. Winters, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 677. James George Reaves, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 679. Edward Simon Wein, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 680. Maria Jeritza Seery, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 682. John I. Cooper et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 683. Gladys W. Simpson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 686. Irving Taitel et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
195
No. 689. Hubert R. Grogan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 694. Orbo Theatre Corporation, petitioner, v. Loew's, Inc., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 701. Gene Cluck et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 702. Robert F. Hinton, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Petition for writ of
Mr. Justice Stewart
this application.
No. 625. Carl Gans et al., petitioners, v. Ohio.
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
took no part in the consideration or decision of
No. 681. John E. Moore, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 685. Ezra Royce, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 698. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 531. Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 622. County of Bergen et al., appellants, v. United States et
al.; and
No. 435, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United States
Veterans Administration. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 410, Misc. Cecil Herman Ward, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 455, Misc. Richard Floyd Myers, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
196
No. 458, Misc. Harry L. Cranston, petitioner, v. Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 460, Misc. Frank M. Rich, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 463, Misc. Ferber J. Coleman, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 465, Misc. Julian P. Dixon, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 468, Misc. Frank A. Barnes, petitioner, v. American Broad-
casting Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 477, Misc. Roger Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 495, Misc. John Franich, by George Franich, his Guardian
Ad Litem, petitioner, v. Great Northern Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 500, Misc. Charles Purcilla, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 501, Misc. Earl Lee, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 502, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Paul King, peti-
tioner, v. John F. McNeill, Director of Matteawan State Hospital,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 506, Misc. George E. Floyd, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 507, Misc. John Hall, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
197
No. 511, Misc. James S. Gilliam, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 513, Misc. Joseph La Bostrie, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 514, Misc. Leonardo Delgado de Jesus, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 515, Misc. Carl Niendorf, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 523, Misc. Antonio N. Verceles, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 524, Misc. James H. Childs, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 525, Misc. Homer Richard Clinton, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 527, Misc. Ralph L. Williams, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 531, Misc. Frederick A. Love, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 533, Misc. George R. Barber, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 534, Misc. Robert W. Laughton, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 535, Misc. James Williams, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 536, Misc. Leonard J. Vraniak, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Lawrence W. Gallaway, petitioner, v. State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
198
No. 545, Misc. Ernest T. Barnes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 550, Misc. David H. Roddy, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 551, Misc. Chester Clyde Pethoud, petitioner, v. The State of
Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 553, Misc. Cecil A. Johnson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 555, Misc. John Fata, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 557, Misc. William A. Langley, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 559, Misc. Joe Bolling, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 561, Misc. James A. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 562, Misc. Ruth Dalton Messer, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
Threshermen & Farmers' Mutual Casualty Insurance Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 563, Misc. James Crawford, petitioner, v. Joseph King,
Ralph Gajewski, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 566, Misc. Steve Armstrong, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 571, Misc. Alfred Bundy and Kenneth P. Barnum, petition-
ers, v. The People of the State of California et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 575, Misc. James T. Kissinger, petitioner, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, MARCH 23, 1959
199
No. 532, Misc. John Byers, petitioner, v. State of Kansas;
No. 540, Misc. Joseph Ortega, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 554, Misc. Fred Allen, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary; and
No. 585, Misc. Daniel Moore, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus denied.
No. 467, Misc. Warner F. Stewart, petitioner, v. Lamoyne Green,
Superintendent of Marion Correctional Institution, et al.; and
No. 541, Misc. Richard G. Costello, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Superintendent, California Mens Colony. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers sub-
mitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 520, Misc. Anthony Stefanich, petitioner, v. Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus denied.
No. 234. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Mandel Broth-
ers, Inc. Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the petitioner and
by Mr. Samuel H. Horne for the respondent.
No. 248. Farmers Educational and Cooperative Union of America,
North Dakota Division, a Corporation, petitioner, v. WDAY, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Edward S. Greenbaum and Mrs. Harriet F. Pilpel for
the petitioner, by Mr. Harold W. Bangert for the respondent, and by
Mr. Douglas A. Anello, for National Association of Broadcasters,
as amicus curiae.
No. 127. Albertis S. Harrison, Jr., Attorney General of Virginia,
et al., appellants, v. National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People, a Corporation, and NAACP Legal Defense and Edu-
cational Fund, Incorporated. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Segar
Gravatt for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 24, will be as follows: Nos. 127,
269, 329, and 378.

TUESDAY, MARCH 24, 1959
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Frances De Lost, of Denver, Colo., George J. Francis, of Denver,
Colo., and Marshall I. Nurenberg, of University Heights, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Arnold S. Kabaker, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Francis Aloysius Cotter, of
Bethesda, Md., and Arthur Morris Sloan, of Silver Spring, Md., on
motion of Mr. Charles M. Soller; Laurence R. Sperber, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Rein; Francis J. Bouda, of
Swarthmore, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; Zevie Baruch
Schizer, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Raphael H. Weissman;
Philip Elledge Kurz, of Kensington, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph A.
Kurz; Charles A. Lord, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Ed-
win Shaffer Rockefeller III; and J. Francis Pohlhaus, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thurgood Marshall, were admitted to
practice.
No. 127. Albertis S. Harrison, Jr., Attorney General of Virginia,
et al., appellants, v. National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People, a Corporation, and NAACP Legal Defense and Edu-
cational Fund, Incorporated. Argument continued by Mr. J. Segar
Gravatt for the appellants, by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for the appel-
lees, and concluded by Mr. David J. Mays for the appellants.
No. 269. Marion S. Felter, on Behalf of Himself and Others Simi-
larly Situated, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company et al. Argued
by Mr. Harry E. Wilmarth for the petitioner and by Mr. Clifton
Hildebrand for the respondents.
No. 329. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cabot
Carbon Company and Cabot Shops, Inc. Argued by Mr. Thomas
J. McDermott for the petitioner and by Mr. Haywood H. Hillyer for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 25, will be as follows: Nos.
378, 363, and 383.
☑
480278-59- _54

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 1959
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
George E. Frederick, of Milwaukee, Wis., Donald J. Howe, of
Sturgeon Bay, Wis., Edward N. Moore, of Miami, Fla., William
Andrew Barnett, of Chicago, Ill., William F. McCarty, of Lowell,
Mass., and Don Allen Moore, of Midlothian, Ill., on motion of Mr.
John Dwight Evans, Jr.; Leon James Moran, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Louis J. O'Marr; Parker W. Duncan, of Bowling
Green, Ky., on motion of Mr. Milton A. Jones; Russell M. Baker, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Harvey L. Davis; Norman S. Bowles,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. Turco; William
S. Moorhead, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Fuller Holloway;
John D. Hetrick, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Wesley Glenn
Harding; Jack Pew, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Donald
L. Case; Harry James Breithaupt, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; George H. Faust, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Herbert J. Jacobi; and William J.
Duffy, of Green Bay, Wis., on motion of Mr. David Previant, were
admitted to practice.
No. 378. Anonymous Nos. 6 and 7, appellants, v. Hon. Edward G.
Baker, as Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
Argued by Mr. Raphael H. Weissman for the appellants and by Mr.
Denis M. Hurley for the appellee. Memorandum to come.
No. 363. Dovie Ray Baker et al., petitioners, v. Texas and Pacific
Railway Co. Argued by Mr. Harvey L. Davis for the petitioners
and by Mr. D. L. Case for the respondent.
No. 383. Howard R. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. George J. Francis for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. James W. Knapp for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 26, will be as follows: Nos. 383,
396, 397, and 362.
Х
480278-59-55

THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 1959
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Robert G. Hughes, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale
Boggs; J. Chan Ettien, of Havre, Mont., and Calvin S. Robinson, of
Kalispell, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; George J. Harding
3d, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. William A. Smith, Jr.;
G. Wilson Horde, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn., Neal Greer Spicer, of
Lenoir City, Tenn., and Harold B. Stone, of Knoxville, Tenn., on mo-
tion of Mr. George Blow; Delton T. Dollar, of Miami, Fla., Edward
D. Cowart, of Miami, Fla., and John (Jack) R. Rice, Jr., of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. James W. Knapp; Joseph G. Hodges, of Den-
ver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Demuth; Jacob N. Geffen,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gilbert A. Cuneo; Robert H.
Baida, of Santa Monica, Calif., on motion of Mr. Noel Joseph
Cipriano; and Philip J. Lesser, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. I. Irwin Bolotin, were admitted to practice.
No. 383. Howard R. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. James W. Knapp for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. George J. Francis for the petitioner.
Memoranda to come.
No. 396. Plumbers, Steamfitters, Refrigeration, Petroleum Fitters,
and Apprentices of Local No. 298, A. F. of L., et al., petitioners, v.
County of Door, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr.
David Previant for the petitioners and by Mr. Donald J. Howe for
the respondents. Memoranda to come.
No. 397. Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. George
M. Day, Administrator Ad Litem of the Estate of Charles A. DePriest.
Argued by Mr. Richard N. Clattenburg for the petitioner and by Mr.
James M. Davis, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 362. Raymond Jerean Koller and Martin Silverbrook, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Robert H. Malis for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, March 30, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 362,
404, 94, and 414.
Х
480278-59-56

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Victor C. Woerheide, of St. Louis, Mo., Sanford W. Likover, of
Cleveland, Ohio, J. Henry Aronson, of Chicago, Ill., and John C.
Keeney, of Kensington, Md., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
James Lee Rankin; Roy G. Holmes, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Robert S. Marx; Irving Sonnenschein, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Paul Dobin; Sigurd Anderson, of Webster, S. Dak., on
motion of Mr. John W. Gwynne; Charles Franklin Johnson, of
Thomasville, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Bernard
Levin, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr.; Wil-
liam Agnew Howland, Jr., of Columbus, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Donald R. Simpson; Warren E. McGill, of South Bend, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Charles Stephen Leonard; Willard S. Domich, of Ely,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Max M. Kampelman; William Lyons Sharp,
of Corinth, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell; Daniel
J. Fern, of Hyannis, Mass., on motion of Mr. Harold W. Sullivan;
Richard R. Bieber, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard B.
Sand; Arnold Norman Price, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Oliver Ellis Stone; Doris J. Banta, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Parke M. Banta; Turner M. Murrell, of Topeka, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Joseph Skubitz; Robert S. Plotkin, of New York, N.Y.,
and Bernard Kulik, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Manuel F.
Cohen; and Wilson L. Brumleve, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Richard W. Galiher, were admitted to practice.
No. 178. "SS Monrosa", her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Navigazione
Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Writ
of certiorari dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 7. Louis Joseph Abbate and Michael Louis Falcone, petitioners,
v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
480278-59--57

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
204
Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas concur.
No. 92. Service Storage and Transfer Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of Virginia. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark.
No. 1. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and
Mr. Justice Douglas concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan with Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas
join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 675. Irving D. Friedman, appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Motions to affirm granted and judgment affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 678. Albert Teitelbaum, appellant, v. California. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for certi-
orari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 688. H. V. Turner et al., appellants, v. Kansas. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Kansas. Appeal dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial Federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 210. United States of America, appellant, v. The Atlantic Re-
fining Company et al. The motion to remand is granted and the
cause is remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia insofar as it pertains to the orders of said court of
March 26, 1958, involving the Tidal Pipe Line Company, Tidewater
Oil Company, Service Pipe Line Company, and Standard Oil Com-
pany (Indiana). Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 466. Phillip Cooke, Leon Wolfe, George Simkins, Jr., et al.,
appellants, v. State of North Carolina. Upon consideration of the
suggestion of death the appeal of Phillip Cooke is dismissed as
abated.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
205
No. 743. George Lee Parker, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
manager, Texas Prison System. The motion for the appointment of
counsel is granted and it is ordered that Frank M. Wozencraft,
Esquire, of Houston, Texas, a member of the Bar of this Court be, and
he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 700. United States, appellant, v. Bernard Mersky et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 706. Christian F. Braen, petitioner, v. Pfeiffer Oil Transport
Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 687. W. A. Rushlight et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 690. Baltimore Building and Construction Trades Council, pe-
titioner v. Selby-Battersby and Co. et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 691. Ervin Walter Blum, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 693. Bercut-Vandervoort & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 696. Anonymous (No. 1), petitioner, v. Hart, Justice of the
Supreme Court of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 697. Joseph D'Agostino, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 703. Erwin Manget Enzor, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707. Paul F. Beiter, petitioner, v. Charles Erb et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
206
No. 708. Edward A. Kraft et al., petitioners, v. City of Louisville.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 124. Edward Leon Williams, petitioner, v. The State of Okla-
homa;
No. 528. Norris Edward Bass, Doing Business as N. E. Bass,
Gladys, Virginia, appellant, v. United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, Atlantic Greyhound Corporation, et al.;
No. 206, Misc. Clyde Flowers, petitioner, v. The Travelers Insur-
ance Company;
No. 365, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Le Roy Cobb,
petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell, Warden, Western State Penitentiary;
No. 387, Misc. Robert A. Ketchum, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 417, Misc. Joseph Ambrosini, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 423, Misc. United States of America ex rel. John Williams,
petitioner, v. Daniel McMann, Acting Warden, et al. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 494. Puritan Church Building Fund, Harrison Parker and
Edith S. Parker, Trustees, petitioners, v. United States of America
et al. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 347, Misc. James H. Duncan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 476, Misc. Albert Henry Black, petitioner, v. State of Minne-
sota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minne-
sota denied.
No. 521, Misc. Woodrow W. Nealey, petitioner, v. State of Flor-
ida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 538, Misc. Houston Collins, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 546, Misc. Frank Hess, petitioner, v. James Caesar Petrillo,
Leroy New, and Lloyd E. Wilson, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
207
No. 547, Misc. Ralph John Visconti, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 560, Misc. Arthur Dean, alias, James Lee, petitioner, v. W.
Frank Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 567, Misc. Alexander L. Piascik, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 568, Misc. Hugh A. Currie, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 574, Misc. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 576, Misc. Lawrence Carroll, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 577, Misc. Theodore Smith, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 580, Misc. Clarence David Minton, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 588, Misc. Nathan W. Grant, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 589, Misc. Charlotte L. Worley, Admx. and C. H. Worley,
Jr., petitioners, v. Ross V. Dunn, Trustee of National Specialty Co.,
Inc., Bankrupt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Ciricuit denied.
No. 591, Misc. J. C. Turner, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 595, Misc. Annie Wilson Slaughter, petitioner, v. The State
of Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Georgia denied.
No. 597, Misc. Cedric Baker, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1959
208
No. 598, Misc. Hilary Judkins, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 611, Misc. Richard Edde, petitioner, v. Columbia University
and Commissioner of Education of the State of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, New York
County, denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 6, until Monday,
April 20, next.
No. 362. Raymond Jerean Koller and Martin Silverbrook, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argument continued by Mr.
Lionel Kestenbaum for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Robert
H. Malis for the petitioners.
No. 404. Melrose Distillers, Inc., CVA Corporation and Dant Dis-
tillery and Distributing Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the petitioners and by
Mr. Richard A. Solomon for the respondent.
No. 94. Joseph D. Bibb, Director of the Department of Public
Safety of the State of Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Navajo Freight
Lines, Inc., a New Mexico Corporation, Ringsby Truck Lines, Inc., a
Nebraska Corporation, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William
C. Wines for the appellants and continued by Mr. David Axelrod
for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 94,
414, 504, and 180.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1959
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Peter S. Craig, of Washington, D.C., John LeMoyne Ellicott, of
Alexandria, Va., and Robert L. Harmon, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Dean G. Acheson; Duane W. Beckhorn, of Alexandria,
Va., on motion of Mr. Eugene Black; Selma W. Samols, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Miss Ruth Weyand; Andrew P. Carter, of New
Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. J. Raburn Monroe; Ernest L. Heimann,
of Pasadena, Calif., and Robert E. Nagle, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Stuart Rothman; Roy C. Basham, of Fort Worth, Tex.,
John W. Dale, of St. Louis, Mo., and Roger T. McNellis, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Edward S. Stern, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Bernard Moritz; and Allan W. Leibson, of New
York, N.Y., and Milton E. Schattman, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Albert Kane, were admitted to practice.
No. 94. Joseph D. Bibb, Director of the Department of Public
Safety of the State of Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Navajo Freight
Lines, Inc., a New Mexico Corporation, Ringsby Truck Lines, Inc., a
Nebraska Corporation, et al. Argument continued by Mr. David Axel-
rod for the appellees and concluded by Mr. William C. Wines for the
appellants. Memorandum to come.
No. 414. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. L. L.
Price. Argued by Mr. James A. Wilcox for the petitioner and by Mr.
Samuel S. Lionel for the respondent.
No. 504. Charles Allen Taylor, petitioner, v. Neil McElroy,
A. Tyler Port. Two and one-half hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the respondents.
Memorandum to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 504,
180, 101, and 157.
☑
480278-59- -58

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 1959
210
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Ralph W. Felsten, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Charles Horowitz, of Seattle, Wash., on
motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Frank E. Roda, of Lancaster,
Pa., and Michael Joseph Stack, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Miss Anne X. Alpern; Edward J. Hyland, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; Remy Chiasson, of Thibodaux,
La., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne; Francis A. Barry, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., and Philip Baskin, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Maurice Louik; William A. Meyer, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and
Alexander Unkovic, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Ambrose
E. Kountz; Wayland H. Elsbree, of Philadelphia, Pa., John L. Lau-
bach, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Harold R. Schmidt, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Don Rose; and Norman E. Schrader, of Pen-
field, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William E. Schuyler, Jr., were admitted
to practice.
No. 504. Charles Allen Taylor, petitioner, v. Neil McElroy, A.
Tyler Port. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for
the respondents and concluded by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 180. William L. Greene, petitioner, v. Neil M. McElroy,
Thomas S. Gates, Jr., and Robert B. Anderson. Argued by Mr. Carl
W. Berueffy for the petitioner and by Mr. George Cochran Doub for
the respondents. Memorandum to come.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Clifford J. Hynning for the petitioner and continued by Mr. John G.
Laughlin, Jr., for the respondents. Memorandum to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 101,
157, 347, and 398.
Х
480278-59-59

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1959
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Maxwell Bentley, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Montrose H. Mas-
sler, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John G. Laughlin, Jr.;
Anthony J. Kennedy, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ed-
mund Dillon Mulville; John Carl Miller, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. William Blackburn Barton; Edgar Frank Czarra, Jr.,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ernest W. Jennes; Ralph von
Briesen, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. John B. Jones, Jr.;
Carl F. Ingraham, of Birmingham, Mich., on motion of Mr. Bryce
Rea, Jr.; Robert S. Dickerman, of South Pasadena, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Charles I. Schottland; Frederic Anthony Nicholson, of Arling-
ton, Va., on motion of Mr. Marshall Lester Gerber; and William L.
Walker, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Charles Thone, were
admitted to practice.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr.
John G. Laughlin, Jr., for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Clif-
ford J. Hynning for the petitioner. Memoranda to come.
No. 157. Park H. Martin, Successor to Joseph Lawlor as Secre-
tary of Highways of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., ap-
pellants, v. J. K. Creasy, William W. McNamee, Jack C. Marshell,
et al. One and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Argued
by Miss Anne X. Alpern for the appellants and by Mr. Edward P.
Good for the appellees.
No. 347. County of Allegheny, petitioner, v. Frank Mashuda Com-
pany, a Partnership, Frank Mashuda, Stanley Mashuda, et al. Ar-
gued by Mr. Philip Baskin for the petitioner and by Mr. Harold R.
Schmidt for the respondents.
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Thibodaux. Argued by Mr. J. Raburn Monroe for the petitioner and
by Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
480278-59-60

i
MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1959
212
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr.
Justice Whittaker.
Robert S. Rizley, of Tulsa, Okla., William B. Butler, of Houston,
Tex., M. Hepburn Many, of New Orleans, La., Francisco A. Gil, Jr.,
of San Juan, P.R., Fallon Kelly, of South St. Paul, Minn., Howard
William Babcock, of Las Vegas, Nev., John Milton Hollis, of Norfolk,
Va., William T. Plummer, of Anchorage, Alaska, James Alfred Bor-
land, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., George M. Yeager, of Fairbanks,
Alaska, Ben Peterson, of Boise, Idaho, William Levi Longshore, of
Birmingham, Ala., Roger C. Connor, of Juneau, Alaska, Harry W.
Hultgren, Jr., of West Hartford, Conn., Leon H. A. Pierson, of Balti-
more, Md., Wilfred C. Varn, of Tallahassee, Fla., Don Alan Tabbert,
of Indianapolis, Ind., Duncan W. Daugherty, of Huntington, W. Va.,
Harlington Wood, Jr., of Springfield, Ill., Wilbur G. Leonard, of
Council Grove, Kans., and Kenneth C. Raub, of Gary, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Attorney General William P. Rogers; Philip Hodgin Modlin,
of Jamestown, N. C., William Edward Wiggins, of Texarkana, Tex.,
Eugene Bryan Blalock, of Texarkana, Tex., Earl William Tews, of
Texarkana, Tex., Paul Neeley Brown, of Tyler, Tex., John B. Hainen,
of DeQueen, Ark., Morton L. Simons, of Washington, D.C., William
J. Dickel, of New York, N.Y., Daniel I. Auster, of New York, N.Y.,
Paul B. Holleran, of Clinton, Iowa, and Florencio Pagan-Cruz, of
Rio Piedras, P.R., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Joseph L. Scorsone, of Saginaw, Mich, on motion of Mr.
Wilber M. Brucker; Burrell B. Evans, of Tulia, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Walter E. Rogers; Frederick T. Bebbington, of Yardley, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Willard S. Curtin; Charles A. Hammer, Jr., of
Harrisonburg, Va., and Samuel Pasco Conrad, of Harrisonburg,
Va., on motion of Mr. E. Fountaine Broun; William Warren Essling,
of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. John J. Courtney; William
Houseal, of St. Joseph, Mich., on motion of Mr. Glen Earl Weston;
Boniard I. Brown, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William L.
Mathis; Everett Wayne Thode, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles M. Johnston; William P. Wimberley, of Spokane, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Harry C. Wimberley; Robert Lee Ager, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Boynton P. Livingston; and Charles J.
Kerester, of South Euclid, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James X. Kil-
bridge, were admitted to practice.
480278-59--61

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1959
213
No. 218. Emory W. Parsons, Erma M. Parsons, Howard H. Par-
sons, et al., petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith, Former Collector of In-
ternal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania; and
No. 305. George Huss, Russell Huss, and Wesley Huss, petitioners,
v. Francis R. Smith, Former Collector of Internal Revenue for the
First District of Pennsylvania. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker.
No. 76. Klor's, Inc., petitioner, v. Broadway-Hale Stores, Inc.,
Admiral Corporation, Admiral Distributors, Inc., et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California for trial. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result.
No. 363. Dovie Ray Baker et al., petitioners, v. Texas and Pacific
Railway Co. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of
Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial District. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Fifth Supreme
Judicial District, for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Mr. Justice Frankfurter would dismiss the writ of cer-
tiorari as improvidently granted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 704. Robert Fosdick, appellant, v. Linzell, Director of High-
ways, State of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Ap-
peal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 581, Misc. Lena Ann Bristol et al., appellants, v. H. L.
Heaton et al. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
First Supreme Judicial District. Motion to dismiss granted and
appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 47. Erie Railroad Company, appellant, v. Board of Public
Utility Commissioners of the State of New Jersey, the State of New
Jersey, et al.; and

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1959
214
No. 55. New York, Susquehanna and Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Board of Public Utility Commissioners of the State of
New Jersey et al. The motion to vacate the decree is granted and
the cases are remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey with directions to dismiss the complaint as
moot.
No. 553. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Fred N.
Acker. The motion of George Olshausen for leave to file brief, as
amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 711. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, petitioner, v. Oregon Frozen
Foods Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 724. Carl C. Inman, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 684. Eastern Coal Corp., petitioner, v. Margie Reliford, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 709. Clarence Rogers et al., petitioners, v. E. T. Holloway et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ken-
tucky denied.
No. 714. Madison Fund, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 715. Robert W. Hicks, petitioner, v. Summerfield, Postmaster
General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 716. R. E. Peckham, petitioner, v. Jose E. Casalduc, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 720. James H. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 729. Pennsylvania Railroad Co., petitioner, v. Elisabeth Byrne,
Administratrix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 736. Bright Leaf Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. E. Vernon
Stabler et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1959
215
No. 758. Max Schmidt, petitioner, v. Albert Shell et al. Motion
to use record in No. 456, October Term, 1954, granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 3. Francisco Romero, petitioner, v. International Terminal
Operating Co., Compania Trasatlantica, also known as Spanish Line
and Garcia & Diaz, Inc., et al.;
No. 147. Irene Hill, Administratrix of the Estate of Benjamin
Hill, Deceased, petitioner, v. Waterman Steamship Corporation;
No. 267. Jack H. Kelly, petitioner, v. Vincent W. Kosuga;
No. 560. Lee Oliphant et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen et al.;
No. 599. Bill William Prohoroff, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 234, Misc. Bernard Klein, petitioner, v. Herbert E. McDon-
ald, Adjudication Officer, Regional Office, Chicago, Illinois, et al.; and
No. 361, Misc. Eddie Rena Hamer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 377, Misc. Thomas Joseph Green, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 429, Misc. John Jasper Table, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 483, Misc. Charles Brown, petitioner, v. Dravo Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 542, Misc. Edward Frank Jude, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 543, Misc. Robert A. Moore, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 549, Misc. Paul J. Heideman, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 565, Misc. William Henry Chapman, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 573, Misc. George Fredericks, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1959
216
No. 578, Misc. Billie Jones and Richard R. Cardwell, petitioners,
v. People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 605, Misc. Roy Eugene Baker, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 609, Misc. In re Leonard Williams, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 616, Misc. Edward H. Fisher, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 617, Misc. Ellsworth L. Cook, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 618, Misc. John Rapacki, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 620, Misc. Stuart Mitchell, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 654, Misc. Albert Stewart, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 655, Misc. Moses Crawford, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 569, Misc. Louis A. Sears, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Superintendent of California Men's Colony. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 385, Misc. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson,
Warden of the California State Prison at San Quentin. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
Adjourned until Monday, April 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 20, will be as follows: Nos. 350, 57,
and 406 (and 447).

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
John Bergman, of New York, N.Y., Carroll Joseph Stark, of Haw-
thorne, N.J., Lawrence J. Sullivan, of Boston, Mass., Frank J. Bujold,
of Detroit, Mich., R. Lamar Moore, of Moultrie, Ga., Lester John Burr,
of Ripon, Wis., Hugh Meade Alcorn, Jr., of Suffield, Conn., and
R. Graeme Smith, of Farmington, Conn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Everett B. Clary, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and Wallace L. Kaapcke, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William James DeMartini; Philip S. Smith, of Leicester, Mass., and
Alton L. Yorke, of Cape Elizabeth, Maine, on motion of Mr. Edward
G. Hudon; Palmer K. Larson, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak., Robert O.
Boyd, of Portland, Oreg., Howard A. Johnson, of Butte, Mont., and
Warren A. McMinimee, of Tillamook, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Boyd
Leedom; Russell Stover Jones, of Kansas City, Mo., and Charles N.
Compton, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Gordon L. Allott;
Eli C. Mayfield, of Palacios, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yar-
borough; William J. Bolognesi, of Iron Mountain, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Paul F. Borden; Robert James Taylor, of Prairie Village,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Royena M. Hornbeck,
of Kalamazoo, Mich., on motion of Mr. Clare E. Hoffman; Robert
Hirsch Loeb, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Ober-
dorfer; George P. Walker, of Camden, N.J., on motion of Mr. Earl W.
Kintner; Paul Jameson, of Wellesley, Mass., on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick Bernays Wiener; Ward R. Case, Jr., of Jamestown, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. Joe L. Evins; John G. Cope, of Las Vegas, Nev., on
motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Allen G. Wilsey, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Mary Spivey Durham, of Colum-
bus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John M. Dingell; James Martin Fitzgerald,
of Anchorage, Alaska, on motion of Mr. Bryce Wilson Rhyne;
Maxwell M. Seiden, of Yonkers, N.Y., S. William Friedman, of
Yonkers, N.Y., S. James De Lasho, of Yonkers, N.Y., Frederick J.
Adler, of Yonkers, N.Y., Alan B. Adler, of Yonkers, N.Y., Barbara
Beverly Baisley, of Yonkers, N.Y., Morris Gelbman, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Gilbert M. Landy, of Yonkers, N.Y., Leon A. Lauterbach, of Yonkers,
N.Y., Gerald J. Bovine, of Yonkers, N.Y., Stanley Dulman, of
480278-59-62

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
218
Yonkers, N.Y., Benjamin Burstein, of White Plains, N.Y., Samuel N.
Barish, of White Plains, N.Y., Harold M. Miller, of White Plains,
N.Y., Murray Woodrow, of Yonkers, N.Y., Anthony J. Cerrato, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Oliver A. Iles, of Yonkers, N.Y., Howard F. Danihy,
of Yonkers, N.Y., Andrew John McLean, of Yonkers, N.Y., Milton
Friedman, of Yonkers, N.Y., Stephen Zboyan, of Yonkers, N.Y., Ber-
nard Waxstein, of Yonkers, N.Y., Albert E. Gleeson, of Yonkers, N. Y.,
Adolph Sher, of Yonkers, N.Y., Alfred Udoff, of New York, N.Y.,
H. Barrie Posner, of Yonkers, N.Y., Henry Siegler, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Harold M. Goldberg, of Yonkers, N.Y., Robert W. Cacace of
Yonkers, N.Y., Bernard T. Silverman, of Yonkers, N.Y., David
Friedman, of Yonkers, N.Y., Andrew R. Maffei, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Morris Gordon, of Yonkers, N.Y., Anna M. Rabinowe, of Yonkers,
N.Y., Albert W. Rabinowe, of Yonkers, N.Y., Stephen B. Vreeland,
of New York, N.Y., Albert Adams, of New Rochelle, N.Y., William A.
Walsh, Jr., of Yonkers, N.Y., Samuel S. Weiner, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Harvey L. Klein, of Yonkers, N.Y., H. Theodore Subkow, of Yonkers,
N.Y., Nathan Gordon, of Yonkers, N.Y., Joseph Shapiro, of Yonkers,
N.Y., Joseph R. LoCascio, of Yonkers, N.Y., Royden A. Letsen, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Arthur Nayor, of Yonkers, N.Y., Peter J. McEwen,
Jr., of Yonkers, N.Y., Joseph J. Gannon, Jr., of Yonkers, N.Y.,
J. Robert Bleakley, of Yonkers, N.Y., Alexander K. Perlman, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Arthur O. Lipinski, of Yonkers, N.Y., James A.
Panettiere, of Yonkers, N.Y., John J. Lee, Jr., of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Dominick D. Pierro, of Port Chester, N.Y., Seymour A. Geller, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Herbert Kanarek, of Yonkers, N.Y., Santo C. Caruso,
of Yonkers, N.Y., Robert S. Adams, of Yonkers, N.Y., Sydney A.
Fried, of Yonkers, N.Y., Joseph J. Krouppa, of Eastchester, N.Y.,
Ralph R. Nobile, of Yonkers, N.Y., George Norris, Jr., of New York,
N.Y., John J. Cullen, of Yonkers, N.Y., Gordon W. Burrows, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Richard Gralicer, of Yonkers, N.Y., Albert A. Walsh,
of Yonkers, N.Y., John J. McQuade, of Yonkers, N.Y., Harold T.
Garrity, of Yonkers, N.Y., Harold M. Edwards, of Mount Vernon,
N.Y., and William Henry Lindeman, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. John H. Galloway, Jr.; Morris A. Feuerstein, of Bay
Shore, N.Y., Joseph Lite, of West Islip, N.Y., Hyman Herman, of
Oceanside, N.Y., Edwin S. Clare, of Bay Shore, N.Y., William T.
Dagher, of Bayport, N.Y., Salvatore M. Parisi, of Lake Ronkonkoma,
N.Y., Michael M. Radwin, of North Babylon, N.Y., Charles H. Gold-
stein, of West Islip, N.Y., Joseph R. Risdell, of East Islip, N.Y.,
William V. Bijesse, of St. James, N.Y., Walter F. Lang, Jr., of
Islip, N.Y., Frederick Fagelson, of Bay Shore, N.Y., Leonard G.
Kramer, of Bay Shore, N.Y., Daniel Greenberg, of Central Islip,
N.Y., David Gliboff, of Islip, N.Y., Arthur S. Babbitz, of Bay Shore,

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
219
N.Y., James Robinson Williams, of Commack, N.Y., Alexander B.
Erale, of Brentwood, N.Y., Bernard Leo Burton, of Patchogue, N.Y.,
Frederick M. Mars, of Patchogue, N.Y., Edward Flower, of West
Islip, N.Y., and Maurice Holden, of Bay Shore, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Jacob K. Javits; Nevo F. Capitina, of Mountain View, Calif.,
William L. Maltman, of Seattle, Wash., Donald B. Jarvis, of San
Francisco, Calif., Thomas W. Crosby, of Boston, Mass., John D.
B'Smith, of Boston, Mass., Philip E. Morin, of Boston, Mass., Albert
J. Mayer, of Boston, Mass., Sydney Spencer Kaplan, of Boston, Mass.,
John L. Brown, of Boston, Mass., James J. Landers, of Springfield,
Mass., Francis C. Newton, Jr., of Sudbury, Mass., Robert E. Doane,
of Hudson, Mass., and Louis J. Ferrari, of Framingham, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Gordon Barbour Ambler, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Hamilton Carothers; Joseph H.
Levie, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Silard; Abram I.
Melrod, of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Leonard S. Melrod; James
John Stapleton, of Worcester, Mass., and Arthur B. McCue of Som-
erville, Mass., on motion of Mr. Noel Joseph Cipriano; Milton A.
Bass, of New York, N.Y., and Solomon H. Friend, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Vincent A. Kleinfeld; Warren G. Austin,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Ronald J. Foulis; John W.
Winston, Jr., of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. E. Robert Seaver;
John W. Wheeler, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas F.
McGovern; Walter B. Chaffee, of Fullerton, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Arthur M. Becker; Howard Eugene Levitt, of Malverne, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Sidney N. Zipser; Robert A. Hendrickson, Jr., of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr.; Robert K.
Yandell, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Kehoe;
Florian Joseph Bartosic, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Dominick
Manoli; and Wm. J. Holloway, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Hubert H. Margolies, were admitted to practice.
No. 276. Robert C. Herd & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Krawill
Machinery Corporation, Kraus Manufacturing Corporation, and En-
gineering Industries International, S. A. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker.
No. 161. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Kentucky Finance Company, Inc.,
and Kentucky Discount, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the West-
ern District of Kentucky for proceedings in conformity with the

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
220
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 404. Melrose Distillers, Inc., CVA Corporation and Dant Dis-
tillery and Distributing Corporation, petitioners, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 233. Naomi Petty, Administratrix of the Estate of Faye R.
Petty, Deceased, petitioner, v. Tennessee-Missouri Bridge Commis-
sion, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Missouri for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Stewart concur in the judgment and
opinion of the Court with the understanding that they do not reach the
constitutional question as to whether the Eleventh Amendment im-
munizes from suit agencies created by two or more States under state
compacts which the Constitution requires to be approved by the Con-
gress. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with whom
Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
No. 66. San Diego Building Trades Council, Millmen's Union,
Local 2020, Building Material and Dump Drivers, Local 36, petition-
ers, v. J. S. Garmon, J. M. Garmon, and W. A. Garmon. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of California for proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart join.
No. 72. United States of America, appellant, v. George Donald
Shirey. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to that court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and
Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 446. Michael Glus, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern District
Terminal. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
221
No. 362. Raymond Jerean Koller and Martin Silverbrook, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 712. Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railroad Co., appel-
lant, v. Michigan Corporation and Securities Commission et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Motion to dismiss granted
and appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam,
No. 718. Braeburn Securities Corp., appellant, v. Smith, Auditor
of Public Accounts of the State of Illinois, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Illinois. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 726. Ohio ex rel. Ralph Iaus, appellant, v. Willard A. Carlton
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Appeal dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 740. Ella V. Fore, appellant, v. Jakobine Toth. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 747. Nelson L. Whyte, appellant, v. Coast Cities Coaches, Inc.,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Appeal dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 623, Misc. Chester W. Burke, appellant, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Iowa. Appeal dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 636, Misc. Eugene B. McCann, etc., appellant, v. The People
of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New
480278-59-
-63

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 195-9
222
York. Appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 659, Misc. George C. Riley, appellant, v. New Jersey. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Appeal dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 15, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. States of Michigan,
Ohio, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, New York and Wisconsin. The
motion to advance and for summary judgment is denied. The case
is set for argument on the motion for leave to file the complant for
declaratory judgment and assigned for hearing at the end of the
calendar for the week of May 18th. Two hours are allowed for oral
argument. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief and par-
ticipate in the oral argument if he is so advised and 30 additional
minutes are allowed for that purpose.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. The motion to substitute Roger
W. Jones in the place of Harris Ellsworth, resigned, as a party
respondent is granted.
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Thibodaux. The motion of the respondent for leave to file supple-
mental brief is granted.
No. 454. Salvatore Territo, Charles Territo and Vincent Territo, a
Partnership, Trading as Territo & Sons, et al., appellants, v. United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. The mo-
tion to recall the judgment and to reinstate the appeal is denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this motion.
No. 597. Honorable Julius J. Hoffman, Judge of the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division,
petitioner, v. John F. Blaski et al. The motion to require certifica-
tion of an additional part of the record is denied.
No. 717. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Drivers,
Chauffeurs, Helpers, Local Union No. 639, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 746. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, petitioner, v. Robert De-
Mario Jewelry, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
223
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 40, Misc. Jose Terrones Rios, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted limited to the following questions:
1. Independently of the state court's determination, was the evi-
dence used against petitioner in the federal prosecution obtained in
violation of his rights under the Constitution of the United States?
2. If the evidence was unlawfully obtained, was such evidence ad-
missible in the federal prosecution of petitioner because it was ob-
tained by state officers without federal participation?
The case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 512, Misc. Clifford M. Davis, petitioner, v. Virginian Railway
Company. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 705. Kea Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. Edward S. Mesle et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 713. Smoot Sand & Gravel Corp., petitioner, v. District of Co-
lumbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 727. Harry L. Washburn, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 728. Felix Corpstein et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 730. Alice S. Campbell, Admnrx., et al., petitioners, v. Rolando
J. Matteucci, Admnr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 731. Klamath Medical Service Bureau, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 734. Daniel M. Cory et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 735. Jerry Keith Rogers, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
224
No. 738. Seven-Up Co., petitioner, v. Blue Note, Inc., Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 739. Robert G. Thompson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 741. Union Transfer Co., etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States;
No. 742. Hughes Transportation, Inc., petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 744. Kentucky, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 748. Emil Palermo, petitioners, v. Stockton Theatres, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 750. Frank David, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 752. Francis L. McDermott, petitioner, v. Joseph J. Jamula
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 754. Taft Hotel Corp., petitioner, v. Housing and Home Fi-
nance Agency et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 755. W. T. Hagans, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 759. David Stern III, et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Edward R. Williams et al., petitioners, v. Babcock & Wil-
cox Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 777. A. H. Jimenez et al., petitioners, v. P. L. Flores. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
Peti-
No. 751. Willie Hugh Dailey, petitioner, v. United States.
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
225
No. 4. Emanuel Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 11. Nathaniel Harris, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 153. Norton R. Ganger, L. C. Bethart, Thomas B. Hamilton,
et al., appellants, v. City of Miami, a Municipal Corporation in Dade
County, Existing Under the Law of the State of Florida;
No. 524. E T & W NC Transportation Company, a Corporation,
appellant, v. James S. Currie, Commissioner of Revenue of the State
of North Carolina;
No. 644. Theodore J. Chapin et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 646. Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., petitioner, v. Wilburn
Boat Co. et al.;
No. 648. Marvin Irving Tamarkin, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 661. United States, petitioner, v. Elmer B. Wiggins;
No. 686. Irving Taitel et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board;
No. 451, Misc. Robert M. Cromwell, petitioner, v. John Foster
Dulles, Secretary of State, et al.; and
No. 585, Misc. Daniel Moore, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 760, Misc. October Term, 1957. Marie T. Schumacher, peti-
tioner, v. Al J. Gaynor, Executor, and Legatees of the Estate of
Albert J. Vogelberg. Motion for leave to file second petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 352, Misc. Morris Wahrhaftig, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 404, Misc. Loyd B. Bass, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia de-
nied.
No. 446, Misc. Emanuel Lester, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 528, Misc. Jackson Turner, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 529, Misc. Ralph Dawkins, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
226
No. 548, Misc. Henry Hinton Favors, petitioner, v. D. E. Adams,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 572, Misc. Stewart W. Newsom, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 582, Misc. J. H. Hollis, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 584, Misc. George Vlcko, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied.
No. 586, Misc. James Knox, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 590, Misc. Pedro Rodriguez, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 592, Misc. Ulysses E. Williamson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 593, Misc. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. Humble Oil & Refining
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 596, Misc. Kenneth O. Van Slyke, petitioner, v. Walter M.
Wallack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 599, Misc. Joseph Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 603, Misc. James Van De La Bogart, petitioner, v. State of
Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 606, Misc. Robert Wesley Princeler, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 610, Misc. George H. Hornbeck, Jr., petitioner, v. J. Vernel
Jackson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
227
No. 612, Misc. Lawrence W. Peden, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 613, Misc. Frank Mullen and Mary Mullen, by their Next
Friend and Mother, Carolyn Mullen, petitioners, v. District of Colum-
bia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 614, Misc. Herman C. Pollack, petitioner, v, The Association
of the Bar of the City of New York et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 619, Misc. Marvin L. Workman, petitioner, v. State of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 621, Misc. Tyrus F. Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 624, Misc. Edward Chambers, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 626, Misc. Harold Yates, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 628, Misc. Carl G. Sauer, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 629, Misc. William Upshaw, petitioner, v. Paul F. Pegelow
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 630, Misc. Ronald F. Mulhollen, petitioner, v. Frank C. John-
ston, Superintendent, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 632, Misc. Charles C. Grigg, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 633, Misc. Isadore Smith, petitioner, v. United States Vet-
erans' Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 634, Misc. James Cole, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 635, Misc. Leona Legg, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health
and Accident Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
228
District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District,
denied.
No. 638, Misc. John F. Mounts, petitioner, v. Donivon E. Adams,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of West Virginia denied.
No. 639, Misc. Warren E. Fluery, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 640, Misc. Alfred E. Stone, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 642, Misc. Pat O. Contreras, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 643, Misc. George Fletcher, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 644, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 645, Misc. Peter Meisel, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 651, Misc. George H. Cash, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition of writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 661, Misc. John J. Tyne, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Angela R
Venetucci and Oak Park National Bank. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 665, Misc. U.S. ex rel. Frank Wojculewicz, petitioner, v.
Mark S. Richmond, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 666, Misc. Mrs. Grace Carrigan, petitioner, v. Sunland-
Tujunga Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668, Misc. Arthur Gerald Meyers, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 670, Misc. William H. Tart, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
229
No. 671, Misc. James McLenaghan, Administrator of the Estate
of James Murray, petitioner, v. Robert A. Billow. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 676, Misc. Kiney Joseph Davis, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 678, Misc. Arthur Anderson Mills, petitioner, v. McGee,
Director, California State Department of Corrections, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 708, Misc. Stanley O. Coley, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 715, Misc. Beryl B. Franklin, Jr., petitioner, v. Harold M.
Boslow, M.D., Director, Patuxent Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Wicomico County, Maryland,
denied.
No. 730, Misc. United States of America ex rel. Theron McCon-
nell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 587, Misc. James Culver, petitioner, v. George F. Goodman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 615, Misc. Nathaniel Burdette, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 517, Misc. Denver Powell, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied. Treating
the motion as a petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio, certiorari is denied without prejudice to an application for a
writ of habeas corpus in the appropriate United States District Court.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 625, Misc. James E. Garrison, petitioner, v. T. M. Woodruff,
Warden;
No. 631, Misc. Robert Thompson, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden; and

MONDAY, APRIL 20, 1959
230
No. 641, Misc. Robert B. Wyers, petitioner, v. William H. Ban.
nan, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 652, Misc. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, State
Prison Custodian of Florida. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus and for other relief denied. Treating the papers
submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 350. William G. Barr, petitioner, v. Linda A. Matteo and John
J, Madigan. Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the petitioner
and by Mr. Byron N. Scott for the respondents.
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. Reargument commenced by Mr. Daniel M. Fried-
man for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Claude L. Dawson for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 21, will be as follows: 57, 406 (and
447), 429, and 74 (and 75).

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1959
231
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Ledger D. Free, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
David Eliot McGiffert; John J. McFall, of Manteca, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Harlan Hagan; Alfred George Musrey, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel J. Flood; Newell A. George, of Kansas City,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Thurman Hill; James G. O'Hara, of Utica,
Mich., on motion of Mr. John D. Dingell; Vernol Robert Jansen, Jr.,
of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wiley S. Messick; Eliot H. Lum-
bard, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Solomon;
Wayne B. Easton, of South Bend, Ind., on motion of Mr. William
F. Thornton; Frederick B. Holoboff, of San Diego, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Clifford E. Hayes; Ross D. Netherton, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. John Marshall Martin, Jr.; James M. Parker, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank P. Cyr; Ernest Rassner, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob Rassner; Thomas J. Lynch,
of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Edward H. Foley; Robert
J. Maley, Jr., of Richmond, Ind., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Fried-
man; and Eugene Louis Tougas, of Waltham, Mass., Albert Leon
Levinski, of Seattle, Wash., William Alexander Brahms, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, Bernard Augustine Delaney, Jr., of San Bernardino,
Calif., Roy Granville Hollingshead, Jr., of Tracy, Calif., Sherman
H. Goldman, of Washington, D.C., Francis A. Madsen, Jr., of Salt
Lake City, Utah, James Calvin Simpson, of San Francisco, Calif.,
Hiram LeRoy Tuttle, of Kirkland, Wash., E. Wimer Thompson, of
Alexandria, Va., Ernest Joseph Handy, of Boston, Mass., Joseph
Bryant McMullin, of Novato, Calif., George K. Faler, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., Robert Frank Williams, of Milwaukee, Wis., Richard
W. Leonard, of Nashua, N. H., William Francis Lally, of Boston,
Mass., Owen Allen Johnson, of Seattle, Wash., James W. Swain, of
Miami, Fla., Harold M. Silverman, of Coral Gables, Fla., James
M. Heidelberg, of San Antonio, Tex., and Avron C. Rifkin, of South
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon, were ad-
mitted to practice.
480278-59--63

1
TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1959
232
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. Reargument continued by Mr. Claude L. Dawson
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for
the petitioner. Memoranda to come.
No. 406. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Simplicity Pat-
tern Co., Inc.; and
No. 447. Simplicity Pattern Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Weston for the petitioner in
No. 406 and for the respondent in No. 447, and by Mr. William Simon
for the respondent in No. 406 and for the petitioner in No. 447.
No. 429. James S. Patterson, General Administrator for Mobile
County, Alabama, etc., Leonard Lester Sullivan, Melvin A. Hays,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Jacob Rassner for the petitioners and by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for
the respondent. Memoranda to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 74
(and 75), 210, and 175.
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1959
233
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice.
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Joseph L. Burke, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Cecil L. Hunt;
Eugene Edward Welch, of Madison, Wis., and Roy Wallace Stroud,
of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; Harry A.
Babcock, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John W. Gwynne;
Geo. T. Lewis, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. J. Carlton
Loser; John L. Saltonstall, Jr., of Boston, Mass., and Boyce F. Ezell,
Jr., of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert Alan Bicks; Earnest L.
Langley, Jr., of Hereford, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter Rogers;
Tyree Dillard, Jr., of Millwood, Va., on motion of Mr. Hugh H.
O'Bear; Richard A. Melvin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James
W. Cassedy; Herman M. Langworthy, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Peyton R. Evans; Phillip K. Folk, of Columbus, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Lyman Brownfield; Carl Q. Christol, of Los An-
geles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Irwin H. Stearns; Thomas F. Hether-
ington, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole; Homer
Derrell Dickens, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Vernon M. Tur-
ner; Joseph M. Stryker, of Summit, N.J., on motion of Mr. Nathaniel
J. Harben; A. Richard Cushman, of New London, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; and Nathan J. Roberts, of Neptune
Beach, Fla., Frederick A. Blanche, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La., Hopkins
Payne Breazeale, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La., William J. Curry, Jr., of
New Orleans, La., Joseph C. Dabadie, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La.,
Norman L. Sisson, of Baton Rouge, La., Charles G. Thomas, of New
Orleans, La., Edwin A. Smith, Jr., of Baton Rouge, Pa., Peter J.
Compagno, of New Orleans, La., Virgil M. Wheeler, Jr., of New
Orleans, La., Gerald P. Fedoroff, of New Orleans, La., Pascal F.
Calogero, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Maurice E. Landrieu, of New
Orleans, La., John D. Lambert, Jr., of New Orleans, La., Rudolph
R. Schoemann, of New Orleans, La., John McKowen Taylor, of Baton
Rouge, La., H. L. DuFour Woolfley, of New Orleans, La., Charles
Alvin Tyler, of Baton Rouge, La., William T. Kivitt, of Gonzales, La.,
Eugene Lee Wallace, Jr., of Gonzales, La., Elmon Drew McKinnis, of
Baton Rouge, La., Wilson Davis, of Baton Rouge, La., Arnold James
Gibbs, of Baton Rouge, La., George Trezevant Owen III, of Baton
480278-59--65

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1959
234
Rouge, La., and Eugene Webb McGehee, of Baton Rouge, La., on
motion of Mr. Robert Hall McCaw, were admitted to practice.
No. 74. Henry J. Mills and Osmond J. Litolff, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana; and
No. 75. August J. Mills, Sr., petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Argued by Mr. Eugene Stanley for the petitioners in No. 74, by
Mr. Milo B. Williams for the petitioner in No. 75 and by Mr. M. E.
Culligan and Mr. J. David McNeill for the respondent in both cases.
No. 210. United States of America, appellant, v. The Atlantic Re-
fining Company et al. Two and one-half hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argued by Mr. Robert A. Bicks for the appellant and by Mr.
David W. Peck and Mr. David T. Searls for the appellees.
No. 175. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern and Emmett Calvin
Brown, appellants, v. State of Ohio. Argument commenced by Mr.
Morse Johnson for the appellants and continued by Mr. C. Watson
Hover for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 23, will be as follows: 175, 463,
and 394.
Х

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 1959
235
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
George Thomas Contalonis, of Woburn, Mass., Jacques F. Heilin-
goetter, of Chicago, Ill., Phillip Cowin, of Boston, Mass., Robert J.
Daha, of Washington, D. C., and George Smill, of New Orleans, La.,
on motion of Mr. Philip Elman; Gale I. McGrew, of Kokomo, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; John Moore Murrell, Jr., of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Seymour H. Chalif,
of New York, N.Y., and Stephen A. Wise, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Ephraim S. London; John Joseph Champagne, of
Olympia, Wash., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Steele; Albert J. Gay-
nor, of Larchmont, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Gerald J. Mehlman;
Howard D. McCloud, of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Narvin
B. Weaver; Julian Buchbinder, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Sidney M. Goldstein; Lee J. Snitoff, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. John J. Crown; Paul H. Chappell, of Takoma Park, Md., on
motion of Mr. Blaine Fred Sturgis; and Arnold I. Weber, of Mount
Rainier, Md., on motion of Mr. Samuel J. L'Hommedieu, Jr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 175. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern, and Emmett Calvin
Brown, appellants, v. State of Ohio. Argument continued by Mr.
C. Watson Hover and Mr. Carl B. Rubin for the appellee and con-
cluded by Mr. Morse Johnson for the appellants.
No. 463. Anna H. Morgan, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Argued
by Mrs. Thelma C. Furry and Mrs. Ann Fagan Ginger for the ap-
pellant and by Mr. Earl W. Allison for the appellee.
No. 394. Kingsley International Pictures Corporation, appellant, v.
The Regents of the University of the State of New York. Argued
by Mr. Ephraim London for the appellant and by Mr. Charles A.
Brind for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, April 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 582,
435 (436 and 437), and 471.
Х
480278-59–
-66

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
236
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Ralph D. Silver, of Chicago, Ill., Everett F. Warrington, of George-
town, Del., and Sidney Friedland, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Francis J. Locke, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. George Cochran Doub; James E. Heffernan,
Jr., of West Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Dodd, Jr.;
Lawrence C. Boyle, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Boyle; William Kenner Gumpert, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. John J. McFall; Robert E. Sage, of Detroit, Mich., Marjorie Mc-
Gowan, of Detroit, Mich., James P. Connolly, of Detroit, Mich., Ed-
ward C. Hanbury, of Detroit, Mich., Francis J. Markey, of Detroit,
Mich., and James A. Broderick, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr.
James G. O'Hara; John William Bunnett, of South Gate, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Clyde Gilman Doyle; Nicholas Coffinas, of Brookyn, N. Y.,
Robert F. Kelly, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Salvatore J. Martino, of Brook-
| lyn, N.Y., John G. Esposito, of Eastchester, N.Y., Vincent E. Cac-
cese, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Vincent L. Rasato, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harry
Gordon English, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Salvatore George DiConza, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Robert J. Stapleton, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Louis J.
Renna, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Joseph A. DiStefano, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Ronald M. Larocca, of Brooklyn, N.Y., and Gerard George Betz, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur E. Flood; John T. Sullivan,
of New York, N.Y., Thomas W. Gleason, of New York, N.Y., and
Ernest Greenberger, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. A. Bradley
Eben; Guy E. Zerfoss, of Oak Park, Ill., and Roland J. Weber, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Paul F. Borden; Richard E. Erway, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward Schmuck; Carl John An-
derson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Clarence H. Ledwon; Ed-
ward Taylor Newton, of Madison, Ga., on motion of Mr. William E.
Schuyler, Jr.; Arthur Lawrence Abrams, of Newark, N.J., on motion
of Mr. Lawrence J. Latto; Mary C. Endicott, of Atlanta, Ga., on mo-
tion of Mr. Lucien J. Endicott; Robert E. Frisch, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Wyllys S. Newcomb; William Joseph Condon, of
New York, N.Y., and William P. Woods of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Earl G. Spiker; Albert A. Rapoport, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Carl W. Berueffy; Ann Thacher Clarke, of New
480278-59-
-66

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
237
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Douglass Hunt, Jr.; Earl Leeper
Hamilton, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edgar J. Goodrich;
Seymour Edward Hollander, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Morton Hollander; Walter L. Brown, of El Dorado, Ark., and Robert
C. Compton, of El Dorado, Ark., on motion of Mr. Wm. I. Prewett;
Herbert Prashker, of New York, N.Y., and Bertram Harnett, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Murray Gartner; Albert Robert Me-
nard, Jr., of Boulder, Colo., on motion of Mr. Alexander Akerman;
Charles Spar, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. David Carliner;
George A. Elber, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Vincent A.
Kleinfeld; and Herbert S. Siegal, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Irving Anolik, were admitted to practice.
No. 269. Marion S. Felter, on Behalf of Himself and Others Simi-
larly Situated, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur.
No. 285. United States of America, petitioner, v. Isthmian Steam-
ship Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed as to entry of
the decree pro confesso and reversed as to the award of compound
interest. Case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 719. Commercial Communications, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Public Utilities Commission of California et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of California. Motions to dismiss granted and appeal
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 721. Commercial Barge Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan. Motions to affirm granted and judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
238
No. 756. Don McCullagh, Inc., appellant, v. Michigan, Department
of Revenue. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Motion
to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. In the Matter of Paul Wilensky. The motion to amend the
attorneys' roll to show the change of name of Paul Wilensky to Paul
Wyler is granted.
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen;
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover; and
No. 512. Clifton E. Baird and Violet L. Baird, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion of Vance L. Wiley et al.
for leave to file brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 587. United States, appellant, v. Evetts Haley, Jr. The mo-
tion to vacate the judgment and for other relief is denied.
No. 722. Nicholas A. Stirone, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 622, Misc. Albert H. Grisham, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor,
Warden. Motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and to sub-
stitute Charles R. Hagan, Warden, in the place of John C. Taylor,
Warden, as the party respondent granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and case transferred to the appellate docket. Case set for
argument immediately following No. 725.
No. 737. Ralph L. Wright, petitioner, v. Cincinnati, New Orleans
and Texas Pacific Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Ohio, Hamilton County, denied.
No. 764. Thomas Eistrat, petitioner, v. Western Hardwood Lum-
ber Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 765. Charles J. Gregory et al., petitioners, v. Columbia Gas
System, Inc., et al.;
No. 766. Paul E. Kern, petitioner, v. Columbia Gas System, Inc.,
et al.; and

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
239
No. 774. Elmo E, Allen et al., petitioners, v. Columbia Gas System,
Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 775. Agostino Eddie Orlando, petitioner, v. Robinson, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 771. William Gart et al., petitioners, v. Cole, Administrator,
Federal Housing and Home Finance Agency, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 587. United States, appellant, v. Evetts Haley, Jr.;
No. 707. Paul F. Beiter, petitioner, v. Charles Erb et al.;
No. 511, Misc. James S. Gilliam, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 525, Misc. Homer Richard Clinton, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 538, Misc. Houston Collins, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois; and
No. 588, Misc. Nathan W. Grant, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 466, Misc. Samuel G. Perroni, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 570, Misc. Arthur M. Fulton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 601, Misc. Waino Hyyppa, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 646, Misc. Joseph Bonds, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid, Super-
intendent of District of Columbia Jail, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 650, Misc. James H. Granger, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
No. 657, Misc. Mrs.
240
Grace Carrigan, petitioner, v. California
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
State Legislature et al.
No 658, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 660, Misc. John Thomas Lott, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 663, Misc. Walter James Carter, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 667, Misc. Albert Tucker, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 669, Misc. John Ford Cowan, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 697, Misc. Clyde Davis, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 698, Misc. James Wilson Hicks, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 699, Misc. Carl Tanner, petitioner, v. California et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 681, Misc. Oliver Robinson, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary; and
No. 821, Misc. Cleveland Thompson, petitioner, v. District Attor-
ney, Edward C. Boyle, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 673, Misc. Frank Moriconi, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied. Treating the papers submitted
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 4, until Monday,
May 18, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1959
241
No. 582. Vincent Joseph Spano, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Argued by Mr. Herbert S. Siegal for the
petitioner and by Mr. Irving Anolik for the respondent.
No. 435. Harry Lev, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 436. Raymond Wool, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 437. Marvin Rubin, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. Anthony Bradley Eben for the petitioner in No. 435, and con-
tinued by Mr. Albert H. Treiman for the petitioner in No. 436, by
Mr. John T. Sullivan for the petitioner in No. 437 and by Mr. Oscar
H. Davis for the respondent in all three cases.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 435
((436 and 437), 471, 451, 489, and 491.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1959
242
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Chas. D. Harmon, of Marion, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E.
Betts; George O. Nokes, Jr., of Waco, Tex., on motion of Mr. W. R.
Poage; Alexander E. Finger, of Chelsea, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Thomas J. Lane; Ronald F. Adams, of Jesup, Ga., on motion of Mr.
John James Flynt, Jr.; Paul W. Brown, of Youngstown, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Miss Mary M. Shaw, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Morris Miller; Marvin S. Kline, of Middleton,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. John N. Wheelock; Robert R. MacIver, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Chester Inwald,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Paul C. Warnke; Frank J.
Cavanagh, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. Casey;
Bynum Merritt Hunter, of Greensboro, N.C., on motion of Mr. John
McNeill Smith; Alfred E. Lindbloom, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Thomas J. Lynch; Paul G. Gubbins, of Westport, Conn., on
motion of Mr. Don V. Harris, Jr.; John J. Morris, of St. Louis,
Missouri, on motion of Mr. Robert J. Hobenicht; Harry Stewart
Weidberg, of Greenbelt, Md., on motion of Mr. Alfonso Everette
MacIntyre; William H. Coburn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Edward J. Hickey, Jr.; Alexandria Dreiband, of New York,
N.Y., Gerald Bleecker, of New York, N.Y., and Arnold L. Silberman,
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob K. Javits.
No. 435. Harry Lev, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 436. Raymond Wool, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 437. Marvin Rubin, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the respondent in all
three cases, by Mr. John T. Sullivan for the petitioner in No. 437,
and concluded by Mr. Anthony Bradley Even for the petitioner in
No. 435.
No. 471. Anthony M. Palermo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Wyllys S. Newcomb for the petitioner and
by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the respondent.
480278-59-67

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1959
243
No. 451. Joel Rosenberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Edward M. Dangel for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 489. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Leland Hazard for the petitioner
and by Mr. Philip Elman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 491,
488, 390 (and 381).

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 1959
244
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
Robert L. Gavin, of Sanford, N.C., on motion of Mr. Oscar H.
Davis; George A. Gurow, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John F.
Davis; Mary E. Lyons, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph
William Lang, Jr.; Frederick B. Oliker, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Donal
Rafferty, of Chicago, Ill., and George H. Lemay, of Winchester,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Milton E. Bander, of
Marathon, N.Y., on motion of Mr. David M. Marshall; Jesse H.
Foster, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Norman A. Flaningam;
James F. Swift, Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Wilfred
Byron Sorrell; J. Ward Driscoll, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Herbert Lasky; W. Lee McLane, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., on
motion of Mr. John A. Selby; David Leo Uelmen, of Milwaukee,
Wis., on motion of Mr. David Previant; Frank Landt Dennis, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. Casey; Harry Charles
Schoettmer, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Anthony J. Ken-
nedy, Jr.; Philip M. Drake, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr.
James W. Quiggle; Charles W. Wilson, of Baton Rouge, La., on
motion of Mr. Paul O. H. Pigman; and Paul James Durbin, of Ful-
ton, Ky., Glenn R. Moody, Jr., of Rochester, Ind., Thomas Michael
Falkowski, of Jersey City, N.J., Charles Edwin Black, of Rockland,
Mass., Victor Meade Wingate, of Wingate, Md., William K. Lara, of
Manchester, Mich., William A. B. Addison, of Columbia, S.C., John
F. Wolf, of Charlottesville, Va., and Matthew Bernard O'Donnell,
Jr., of Portsmouth, N.H., on motion of Mr. J. L. Searles, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 491. Galax Mirror Company, Incorporated, Mount Airy
Mirror Company and J. A. Messer, Sr., petitioners, v. United States
of America. Argued by Mr. H. Graham Morison for the petitioners
and by Mr. Philip Elman for the respondent.
No. 488. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Telford Taylor for the petitioner and by
Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
480278-59-68

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 1959
245
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen; and
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover. Argument commenced by Mr. Meyer Rothwacks for the pe-
titioner in both cases.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 30, next, Nos. 380 (and 381),
512, 457, and 583.

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1959
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
James Arthur Hayes, of Long Beach, Calif., and John D. Miller,
of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig Hosmer; Raphael
Carlos Estrada, of Tucson, Ariz., and John W. Ross, Jr., of Tucson,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; Ruth Byrd, of Atlanta,
Ga., and Joseph G. Stulb, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Donald R. Simpson; Alvin B. Peterson, of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. Andrew B. Beveridge; Wilbur Harris Dillahunty, of West
Memphis, Ark., and James Cecil Hale, of West Memphis, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; John Warren Haygood, of
Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. Bernard A. Foster, Jr.; Orwin
Bradford Griffin, Jr., of Litchfield, Conn., on motion of Mr. Richard
William Rosen; Jackson D. Magenau, of Erie, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Harry L. Shniderman; Ernest B. Wright, of Smackover, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. Anthony J. Kennedy, Jr.; William Preston Hickey,
of Mishawaka, Ind., on motion of Mr. William T. Estabrook; Robert
W. Gladney, of Corsicana, Tex., on motion of Mr. Patrick J. Madden;
Edgar Parke Reese, of Washington, D.C., and Irwin M. Katz, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. M. Manning Marcus; Archibald
T. LeCesne, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. George N. Leighton;
Margaret Muth Laurence, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Dean
Laurence; Jerome J. Nudelman, of Chicago, Ill., Charles M. Loverde,
of Chicago, Ill., Joseph A. Farina, of Chicago, Ill., Charles C.
Porcelli, of Chicago, Ill., Nicholas J. Bua, of Chicago, Ill., Carl
J. Cipolla, of Chicago, Ill., and John C. Polales, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Thomas Lima; and Robert Irmiger, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle, were admitted to practice.
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen; and
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover. Argument continued by Mr. Emmett E. McInnis, Jr., for the
respondents in No. 380, by Mr. W. S. Miller, Jr., for the respondent in
No. 381, and concluded by Mr. Meyer Rothwacks for the petitioner
in both cases.
480278-59-69

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1959
247
No. 512. Clifton E. Baird and Violet L. Baird, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Lester M. Ponder
for the petitioners and by Mr. Meyer Rothwacks for the respondent.
No. 457. Horace Ingram, L. E. Smith, Mary Law, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Wesley R.
Asinof for the petitioners and by Mr. J. Dwight Evans, Jr., for the
respondent.
No. 583. Henry Napue, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
Argued by Mr. George N. Leighton for the petitioner and by Mr. Wil-
liam C. Wines for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 4, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1959
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Frank Grant Sawyer, of Carson City, Nev., and William John
Raggio, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; William Cold-
well Collins, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yar-
borough; Cecil C. Fraizer, of Lincoln, Nebr., Richard A. Stone, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., George Winfield Loring, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
Samuel Steen, of Miami Springs, Fla., and Marjan P. Staniec, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Harold Jay Spitzer,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. John A. Carroll; Irving L. Neu-
miller, of Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall; Gordon
W. Britten, of Jackson, Mich., Lawrence L. Bullen, of Jackson, Mich.,
and Joseph C. Hooper, Jr., of Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Lewis George Meader; Edward Alton Potere, of Rochester, Mich., on
motion of Mr. James G. O'Hara; Bernard Susman, of St. Louis, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Gordon F. Harrison; George J. Brannick, of Jack-
son, Mich., T. Harrison Stanton, of Jackson, Mich., and James G.
Fleming, of Jackson, Mich., on motion of Mr. David W. Kendall;
Thomas W. Clarke, of North Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Charles K. McWhorter; Max D. Paglin, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Frederick W. Ford; Robert L. Donigan, of Evanston,
Ill., Lycurgus J. Conner, of Chicago, Ill., Harvey J. Deobald, of
Glenview, Ill., Walter A. Edmiston, of Evanston, Ill., Caesar Cezary
Koenig, of Chicago, Ill., Ralph M. Fogarty, of Glen Ellyn, Ill.,
Frank M. Perz, of Chicago, Ill., John Patrick Madigan, of Chicago,
Ill., Lowell Howard Jacobson, of Park Ridge, Ill., Wallace Morton
Rudolph, of Chicago, Ill., Burton Hugh Young, of Chicago, Ill.,
Joseph V. Finizio, of New York, N. Y., and Marshall G. Rowley, of
Wilmette, Ill., on motion of Mr. James Garnett; G. P. Hardy, Jr., of
Bay City, Tex., and J. J. Spurgeon, of Bay City, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Edward Sherrard Rimer, Jr., of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur B. Carton; Joseph T. Carney, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Herbert Pittle; Thomas J. Reddick,
Jr., of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and R. W. Gray, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Charles F. Wilson; Frank L. Gallucci, of Fort
Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Louis Pabst Poulton; James C. N.
Paul, of Berwyn, Pa., on motion of Mr. Louis Henkin; Francis J.
480278-59- -70

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1959
249
Paulson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John A. McIntire;
Thomas C. Batchelor, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Marion
T. Bennett; Mitchell Rogovin, of Falls Church, Va., and Thomas D.
Spivey, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel E. Blackham;
Raymond Perlman, of Highland Park, Ill., on motion of Mr. James
B. Pierce; and John Joseph Navin, Jr., of Fort Lee, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniel, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 246. Wadelmiro Arroyo, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with
whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker join.
No. 63. Leslie Irvin, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden of
the Indiana State Prison. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Mr. Justice Stewart concurs in the judgment and the opinion of this
Court, with the understanding that the Court does not here depart
from the principles announced in Brown v. Allen, 344 U.S. 443. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
No. 234. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Mandel Broth-
ers, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 278. Aaron D. Frank, appellant, v. State of Maryland. Ap-
peal from the Criminal Court of Baltimore, Maryland. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr.
Justice Brennan concur.
No. 51. David H. Scull, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia
ex rel. Committee on Law Reform and Racial Activities. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1959
250
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black announced by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 396. Plumbers, Steamfitters, Refrigeration, Petroleum Fitters,
and Apprentices of Local No. 298, A. F. of L., et al., petitioners, v.
County of Door, a Municipal Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin for action not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black an-
nounced by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 169. Grocery Drivers Union Local 848, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Seven Up Bottling Company of Los Angeles, Incorporated. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of California. Motion to dismiss granted
and appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is granted. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Judgment va-
cated and cause remanded for modification in light of San Diego Build-
ing Trades Council v. Garmon, No. 66, October Term, 1958, de-
cided April 20, 1959. Opinion per curiam. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 749. St. Peter's Roman Catholic Parish, etc., appellant, v.
Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District. Motion to
dismiss granted and appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 767. Milwaukie Company of Jehovah's Witnesses, appellant,
v. Leonard Mullen, Mayor, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Oregon. Appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 768. Robert F. Minney, appellant, v. City of Azusa. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District. Appeal dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 41. The New York Central Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Board of Public Utility Commissioners of the State of New Jersey,
The State of New Jersey, et al. The motion to vacate the decree is

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1959
251
granted and the case is remanded to the United States District Court
for the District of New Jersey with directions to dismiss the com-
plaint as moot.
No. 776. Local No. 8-6, Oil, Chemical and Atomic Workers Inter-
national Union, AFL-CIO, et al., appellants, v. Missouri. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Missouri. Further consideration of the
question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 779. William R. Forman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 790. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Deena Art-
ware, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 32, Misc. John W. Arnold, petitioner, v. Ben Kanowsky, Inc.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 710. John C. Palmer, etc., petitioner, v. Waterman Steamship
Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 723. David Davies, Inc., petitioner, v. Maynard E. Sensen-
brenner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 781. Mrs. Wanda Mercer, petitioner, v. Paris Theriot. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 782. Julius Goldman et al., petitioners, v. H. Harris & Co., Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 785. David E. Hartshorn, petitioner, v. District of Columbia
Redevelopment Land Agency. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 788. L. Walter Henslee, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1959
252
No. 807. International Shoe Co., petitioner, v. Fontenot, Collector
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
of Revenue, Louisiana.
preme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 778. Samuel Brott, petitioner, v. United States. Motion to
dispense with printing petition for writ of certiorari granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 789. Hubert A. Eaton et al., petitioners, v. Board of Managers
of the James Walker Memorial Hospital et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Brennan are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 675. Irving D. Friedman, appellant, v. United States et al.;
and
No. 545, Misc. Ernest T. Barnes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 135. Billy G. Woody, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 215. Samuel Goldstein, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of time denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 684, Misc. Charles Bassil Clements, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 689, Misc. Irvin C. Herge, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Superintendent, Eastern State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 18, will be as follows: Nos. 439, 581,
and 584.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
253
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
It is ordered that the Commission of Mr. Justice Stewart be recorded
and that his oaths be filed.
The Commission of Mr. Justice Stewart is in the words and figures
following, viz:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"TO ALL WHO SHALL SEE THESE PRESENTS, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Potter Stewart, of Ohio I have
nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States and do authorize and empower him to execute and fulfil the
duties of that Office according to the Constitution and Laws of the
said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office, with
all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of right apper-
taining, unto Him, the said Potter Stewart, during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this seventh day of May, in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine, and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and eighty-third.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"WILLIAM P. ROGERS,
"Attorney General."
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
Anthony R. DeSanto, of Youngstown, Ohio, Abraham M. Poretz,
of New York, N.Y., Plato Cacheris, of Washington, D.C., Gerard L.
Goettel, of New York, N.Y., Thomas J. Lydon, of Washington, D.C.,
Harry Rodwin, of New York, N.Y., Richard Rodwin, of New York,
N.Y., John C. De Moss, of Minneapolis, Minn., Alfred Hugh Oliver
480278-59--71

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
254
Boudreau, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., Morton David Goldberg, of New
York, N.Y., Thomas Aquinas Beil, of Youngstown, Ohio, and James
H. Ackerman, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral James Lee Rankin; Joseph Sharp Whitmore, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles T. Akre; Elvin Lamoine Davenport,
of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Philip A. Hart; Frank W. Mor-
ton, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Thomas C. Tumbove, of Indianapolis,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray J. Madden; William Edward Hailey, of
San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. C. Aubrey Gasque; Robert
Blaine Cochran, of Pompano Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G.
Rogers; Jules Edwin Yarnell, of New York, N.Y., Theodore M.
Kostos, of New York, N.Y., Frederic Parkhurst Benedict, of Great
Neck, N.Y., Joseph A. Bochenek, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harry Robert
Pearson, of New York, N.Y., Nathan J. Citrin, of New York, N.Y.,
Bernard Gurry, of New York, N.Y., Seymour Chotiner, of Mount
Vernon, N.Y., Jack Wilson, of North Bellmore, N.Y., Jerome John-
son, of Upper Nyack, of New York, N.Y., Maxleon D. Powell, of
New York, N.Y., K. Bertram Friedman, of Roslyn Heights, N.Y.,
Arnold Harold Graham, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Sidney Konigsberg, of
New York, N.Y., Gustav Lazarus, of White Plains, N.Y., William B.
Gurock, of New York, N.Y., Max Landau, of Far Rockaway, N.Y.,
M. Paul Andro, of Closter, N.J., Angelo G. Siragusa, of New York,
N.Y., John B. Benedetto, of New York, N.Y., Arnold Lovitz, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa., Herman Rapport, of New York, N.Y., Meyer Schein-
berg, of Baldwin, N.Y., Joseph P. Marcotullio, of Richmond Hill,
N.Y., Harold S. Kahn, of New York, N.Y., Morris H. Moss, of New
York, N.Y., Sanford L. Gore, of New York, N.Y., Lawrence Block, of
New York, N.Y., Abraham Seltzer, of New York, N.Y., Walter Eli
Maisel, of New York, N.Y., Seymour Irwin Maisel, of New York,
N.Y., Robert Bruce Bradshaw, of Omaha, Nebr., Terry Milburn, of
New York, N.Y., Myron Weinberg, of New York, N.Y., Mario
Guecia, of New York, N.Y., Arthur Schmilowitz, of Bronx, N.Y.,
Jacob Stein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., George Schweyer, Jr., of Shoreham,
N.Y., George Warhit, of New York, N.Y., Harry Wolinsky, of New
York, N.Y., Julius Rutkovsky, of New York, N.Y., Louis W. Warren,
of New York, N.Y., Abraham Brudner, of New York, N.Y., Isidore
Fuchs, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harry Posdamer, of New York, N.Y.,
Seymour C. Rattner, of New York, N.Y., Joseph Clarkson Thackery,
of Atlanta, Ga., Theodore D. Bennett, of New York, N.Y., Herman
Clurman, of Hicksville, N.Y., Fred Dubitsky, of New York, N.Y.,
Edgar Unker, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Morton M. Cohen, of River Edge,
N.J., Bernard Wray, of New York, N.Y., Salvatore J. Camp, of New
York, N.Y., Gerald P. Halpern, of New York, N.Y., John S. Still-
man, of Newburgh, N.Y., Harold X. McGowan, of New York, N.Y.,

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
255
of
Jerome J. Klied, of New York, N.Y., Joseph F. Socha, of New York,
N.Y., Walter Perlstein, of New York, N.Y., Neale Kurlander, of New
York, N.Y., Samuel Gallant, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Irving Malchman, of
New York, N.Y., William P. Sirignano, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., Eric
Nightingale, of New York, N.Y., Elliot Winnick, of New York,
N.Y., Gerald V. Clarke, of New York, N.Y., Leonard Maran, of New
York, N.Y., and David Lawrence Korr, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Miss Mollie Strum; Conrad Albert Pearson, of Erie, Pa., and
M. Fletcher Gornall, Jr., of Erie, Pa., on motion of Mr. William
Wallace Knox; James C. Sargent, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. J. Sinclair Armstrong; John MacHale Schiltz, of Billings,
Mont., on motion of Mr. John W. Cragun; Lyndon Lowell Olson,
of Waco, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Robert Hays Wil-
liams, of Russellville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams;
Charles N. Lane, of Orlando, Fla., and John Wilton Rowe, of Clear-
water, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Paul J. Miller,
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller; Irving Ward-
Steinman, of Alexandria, La., on motion of Mr. Al Philip Kane;
Thomas R. McNamara, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Fred M.
Vinson, Jr.; Henry T. King, Jr., of New Canaan, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Robert Burren Morgan, of Lillington, N.C.,
on motion of Mr. I. Beverly Lake; Theodore J. St. Antoine, of Wash-
ington, D.C., and Frank McClung, of Brooksville, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Florian Joseph Bartosic; Campbell H. Gillespie, Jr., of
Sherman, Tex., and J. D. McLaughlin, of Paris, Tex., on motion
of Mr. O. B. Fisher; Harold Anderson Jerry, of Plattsburgh, N.Y.,
and Clyde A. Lewis, of Plattsburgh, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Francis
W. Stover; Chester Boyd Leedom, of Rapid City, S. Dak., on motion
of Mr. Boyd Leedom; Frederick S. Grossberg, of Houston, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Warren Woods; Timothy J. Sullivan, of White
Plains, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph J. Gannon, Jr.; Morio Omori,
of Honolulu, T.H., on motion of Mr. A. William Barlow; Gus R.
Camp, of Piggott, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree, Jr.;
Henry J. Bison, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William
Allen Quinlan; Robert Beshar, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Samuel M. Lane; Walter L. Hill, Jr., of Scranton, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Walter W. Ahrens; Harold Meltzer, of Jersey City, N.J., on mo-
tion of Mr. Martin L. Friedman; Carlton R. Sickles, of Washington,
D.C., and Joseph A. Sickles, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Louis P. Poulton; Jordan B. Peck, Jr., of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Remmel H. Dudley; Gavin Hamilton Cochran, of Louisville,
Ky., on motion of Mr. Thomas Francis Brosnan; Terrance S. O'Toole,
of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Wiley Messick; Gerald F. Kelle-
her, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. F. Joseph Donohue;

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
256
Lawrence Goldberg, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lionel
Charles Epstein; John Flather Ellis, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Robert T. Reynolds; Fowler V. Harper, of New Haven,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Alan Sayre Rosenthal; Alan MacLean
Staubly, of Minneapolis, Minn., and Roger William Jensen, of Min-
neapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Frederick E. Lange; Dale Wallace
Wickham, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Kerester;
and James Robert Walker, Jr., of Weldon, N.C., on motion of Mr.
Samuel Smith Mitchell, were admitted to practice.
No. 68. T. I. M. E. Incorporated, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 96. Davidson Transfer & Storage Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgments reversed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark join.
No. 58. Blanche Dick, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
North Dakota. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice
Stewart concurs in the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter with whom Mr. Justice Whittaker joins. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 429. James S. Patterson, General Administrator for Mobile
County, Alabama, etc., Leonard Lester Sullivan, Melvin A. Hays,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 67. Nancy Corinne Dyer and J. Raymond Dyer, petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission and Union Electric Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
257
Eighth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court
of Appeals for further consideration in light of its decision in Dyer v.
Securities & Exchange Comm'n., No. 15989, decided April 10, 1959.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 551. Jim DeVries, Electrical Workers Local No. 426 of the In-
ternational Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al., petitioners, v.
Baumgartner's Electric Construction Co. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of South Dakota. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Dakota. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Su-
preme Court of South Dakota. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart dissent for the reasons set forth in the concurring opinion in
San Diego Building Trades Council v. Garmon, No. 66, October
Term, 1958, decided April 20, 1959.
No. 786. Roger L. Anderson et al., appellants, v. City of Cedar
Rapids. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Iowa. Motion to dis-
miss granted and appeal dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 718, Misc. Donald R. Cady, appellant, v. Iowa. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Iowa. Appeal dismissed. Treating the pa-
pers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 252. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Retail Grocers Association, Inc., and Louie J. Speed, Inc. The motion
of The National Association of Tobacco Distributors, Inc., for leave
to file brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen;
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover; and
No. 512. Clifton E. Baird and Violet L. Baird, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion of Vance L. Wiley et
al. for leave to file supplemental brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Thibodaux. The motion of petitioner for leave to file reply brief to
respondent's supplemental brief is granted.
No. 769. Phillips Chemical Company, appellant, v. Dumas Inde-
pendent School District. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Texas.
480278-59-72

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
258
Probable jurisdiction is noted. The Solicitor General is invited to
file a brief setting forth the views of the United States.
No. 770. Daisy Bates et al., petitioners, v. City of Little Rock et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
granted.
No. 809. United States, petitioner, v. Sydelle Price. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 836. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Travelers
Health Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 627, Misc. Cecil Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 732. Murray Berman et al., petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 733. Fabric Garment Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 794. Sam Title, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 795. Jose Dias de Souza, petitioner, v. Barber, Director of
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 796. Raymond Cohen et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 797. Cato Bros., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 798. Donald O. Shaffer, petitioner, v. James Evans. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Adolph C. Burger, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
259
No. 801. Edwin S. Douglas, petitioner, v. Fay H. Douglas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 802. W. B. Crabtree, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 804. Bernice Couch et al., petitioners, v. City of Richardson,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
denied.
No. 808. New York Central Railroad Co., et al., petitioners, v. City
of Detroit. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 810. Archbold van Beuren et al., petitioners, v. Martin M. Mc-
Loughlin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 811. Mid-Southern Foundation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 812. Joseph Gorska, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 813. Hexagon Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Rogers, Attor-
ney General of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 814. United States, petitioner, v. Merchants Matrix Cut Syn-
dicate, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 815. Jay E. Darlington, petitioner, v. Studebaker-Packard
Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 816. Gulf Oil Corp., petitioner, v. International Union of
Operating Engineers, Local No. 715, AFL-CIO. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 817. American Oil Co., petitioner, v. United States et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 822. Robert G. Errington, petitioner, v. Missouri ex rel. Wil-
liam A. Collet, Prosecuting Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 844. Edward Simon Wein, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

1
MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
260
No. 178. "SS Monrosa", her Engines, Tackle, etc., and Navigazione
Alta Italia, petitioners, v. Carbon Black Export, Inc.;
No. 716. R. E. Peckham, petitioner, v. Jose E. Casalduc, etc., et al.;
No. 736. Bright Leaf Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. E. Vernon
Stabler et al.;
No. 397, Misc. Robert Starr, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 580, Misc. Clarence David Minton, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Department of Corrections;
No. 582, Misc. J. H. Hollis, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections; and
No. 589, Misc. Charlotte L. Worley, Admx. and C. H. Worley,
Jr., petitioners, v. Ross V. Dunn, Trustee of National Specialty Co.,
Inc., Bankrupt, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 581, Misc. Lena Ann Bristol et al., appellants, v. H. L. Hea-
ton et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that a rehearing should be granted.
No. 470, Misc. James Kendall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 504, Misc. Isaac Gressette, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 537, Misc. James Clark, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 558, Misc. Norman Cortez Gray, petitioner, v. L. P. Keenan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 607, Misc. Burdette Hadley, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied.
No. 637, Misc. Paul L. Strader, petitioner, v. Donivon E. Adams,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 649, Misc. Richard J. Bifield et al., petitioners, v. Sherrill
Halbert, Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 672, Misc. James Branch, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
261
No. 675, Misc. Juan Torres, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York denied.
No. 679, Misc. Marlin Bland Turner, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager of Texas Prison System, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 680, Misc. Clyde Bates, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 682, Misc. Joseph Morris Kennedy, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 683, Misc. McCoy Gilmore, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 687, Misc. James W. Rogers, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 690, Misc. Charles Ray Scherer, petitioner, v. Wyoming.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming
denied.
No. 693, Misc. Ferdinand Baumgart, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 694, Misc. Jack Meikle, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 696, Misc. Glen L. May, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 700, Misc. Andrew Shannon, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 701, Misc. Joseph Pelio, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 702, Misc. United States ex rel. Edward Allen, petitioner, »,
Robert E. Murphy, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 704, Misc. James S. Gilliam, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
262
No. 705, Misc. James Mooreland, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 711, Misc. Maude M. Jones, petitioner, v. Commissioners of
the District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 712, Misc. A. L. Lewis, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma.
denied.
No. 713, Misc. Joseph Grant, Jr., petitioner, v. California. Petí-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 714, Misc. William P. Morgan, petitioner, v. Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 716, Misc. United States ex rel. Robert Lee Chase, petitioner,
v. L. P. Keenan, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 717, Misc. Randolph Valentine, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 719, Misc. Gentlee Hollman, petitioner, v. Wyndham M.
Manning, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 720, Misc. Henry J. Gatens, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 722, Misc. Joseph Baranowski, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Ca-
vell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 726, Misc. Donald Tillery, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Common
Pleas of Allegheny County of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 727, Misc. United States of America ex rel. David Farrow,
petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller, Warden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 728, Misc. Robert Allen Streit, petitioner, v. John E. Ben-
nett, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Lee County, Iowa, denied.
No. 729, Misc. Phillip Henry Davis Sheridan, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
263
No. 734, Misc. Virgil Earl Reynolds, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 739, Misc. Tom Rakes, Jr., petitioner, v. D. E. Adams, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of West Virginia denied.
No. 741, Misc. William R. Calderon, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 742, Misc. Walter J. Byomin, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 743, Misc. James Crenshaw, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 748, Misc. William Duffy petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 753, Misc. Rudolph Louis Kessler, petitioner, v. Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 754, Misc. John G. Metcalfe, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 758, Misc. Leroy James, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 766, Misc. Robert W. Laughton, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 768, Misc. Frank Pulaski, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 769, Misc. Edward Eckwerth, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 787, Misc. Joseph Oliver Jenkins, petitioner, v. Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 853, Misc. Leroy Keith, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 600, Misc. Wilbert King, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 707, Misc. Edward J. Ellis, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
264
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 648, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. Honorable
Sherrill Halbert, Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and for other
relief denied.
No. 604, Misc. Felix Stone Ramirez, petitioner, v. United States
Attorney General. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 703, Misc. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. Paul F. Pegelow,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Reformatory. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other relief
denied.
No. 685, Misc. Walter E. Morse, petitioner, v. Chief Judge George
H. Moore; and
No. 763, Misc. Bernard Simunich, petitioner, v. Supreme Court
of Illinois et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus denied.
No. 770, Misc. The American Oil Company, petitioner, v. United
States et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or
other relief denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the calendar, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the arguments
in the cases listed for hearing this week.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 25, until Monday,
June 1, next.
No. 439. Jackson D. Magenau, Administrator of the Estate of
Norman Ormsbee, Jr., Deceased, petitioner, v. Aetna Freight Lines,
Inc. Argued by Mr. Harry L. Shniderman for the petitioner and by
Mr. William F. Illig for the respondent.
No. 581. William W. Burns, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Argued
by Mrs. Helen G. Washington for the petitioner and by Mr. William
M. Vance and Mr. Harry O. Schoettmer for the respondent.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1959
265
No. 584. Louise Lassiter, appellant, v. Northampton County Board
of Elections. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel S. Mitchell for
the appellant and continued by Mr. I. Beverly Lake for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 19, will be as follows: Nos. 584,
252, 326, and 482.
Х

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 1959
266
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Victor F. Condello, of New York, N.Y., Theresa B. Stuchiner, of
New York, N.Y., and A. Martin Stuchiner, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Steven B. Derounian; Louis Rosenman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; Kermit R. Cofer, of
Water Valley, Miss., on motion of Mr. Jamie L. Whitten; Harold
Shapiro, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden;
Walter E. Mangerich, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald R.
Simpson; Donald V. McClure, of St. Louis, Mo., and Edward M.
Elliott, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Reginald
Ray Reeves, of Idaho Falls, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Hyman Neil
Garson; Richard H. Bowerman, of New Haven, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Peter T. Langan, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Robert C. Ayers; Wilbur W. Broyderick, of Swamp-
scott, Mass., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; William M.
Schleicher, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., and Donald W. Paffel, of Spooner,
Wis., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Lightfoot; Henry Hall Paige,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John M. Lynham; Burton
Stanley Sternburg, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John Carl
Miller; Charles M. Love, of Charleston, W. Va., and Robert A.
Saltzstein, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph W. Wyatt;
John Wallace McLaren, of Mendham, N.J., Thomas F. Reddy, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., and Frank F. Scheck, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. R. Morton Adams; Paul E. Calrow, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel J. L'Hommedieu, Jr.; Raymond Rubin, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. T. S. L. Perlman; John E. Lance-
lot, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. James G. Choulas; and Rose
M. Mattingley, of College Park, Md., on motion of Mr. Leon L.
Sclawy, were admitted to practice.
No. 584. Louise Lassiter, appellent, v. Northampton County Board
of Elections. Argument continued by Mr. I. Beverly Lake for the
appellee and concluded by Mr. Samuel S. Mitchell for the appellant.
480278-59-73

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 1959
267
No. 252. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Retail Grocers Association, Inc., and Louie J. Speed, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Ramsey Clark for the appellant and by Mr. Samuel M. Lane for
the appellees. Memorandum to come.
No. 326. In the Matter of Disciplinary Proceedings against Har-
riet Bouslog Sawyer, petitioner. Argument commenced by Mr. John
T. McTernan for the petitioner and continued by Mr. A. William
Barlow for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 20, will be as follows: Nos. 326,
482, 518 (and 436), and 573.
Х

WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 1959
268
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
Edmund E. P. Miller, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Andrew F. Schoeppel; Coyne Milstead, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Nicholas V. Olds, of Lansing, Mich., and
Paul L. Adams, of Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., on motion of Mr. John D.
Dingell; Arthur G. Kaplan, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Robert F. Kennedy; Frank William Kelley, of Buchanan, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Clare E. Hoffman; John W. Reynolds, of Green Bay,
Wis., and Nathan Stewart Heffernan, of Sheboygan, Wis., on motion
of Mr. Roy G. Tulane; Helaine Joyce Knickerbocker, of New York,
N.Y., and Daniel Candee Knickerbocker, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; Frederick D. Sarkis, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Bertram D. Moll, of Mineola,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. David K. Kadane; Cresson Orion Davis, of
Swarthmore, Pa., Nelson Leavous Seeley, of Helena, Mont., Harold
Lee Talman, of Hollywood, Calif., and Donald E. Knecht, of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Leonard R. Harten-
feld, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer; John S.
Rhoades, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Sidney W. Russell;
Robert L. Maier, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Marshall
Hornblower; William R. Duff, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Edward S. Kirby; Albert E. Polonsky, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. D. Heywood Hardy; Walter B. Johnson, of Carters-
ville, Ga., on motion of Mr. Roy Wallace Stroud; Charles A. Bane, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. George E. Billett; James Edward
Toomey, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John A. Diemmer;
David B. Kaplan, of Boston, Mass., and Morris D. Katz, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Burton Stanley Sternburg; Leroy A. Garrett,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Walker Richman; Her-
bert Haughton Bell, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank
Flournoy Roberson; and Richard H. Shepp, of Delmar, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Ralph A. Gilchrist, were admitted to practice.
No. 326. In the Matter of Disciplinary Proceedings against Har-
riet Bouslog Sawyer, petitioner. Argument continued by Mr. A. Wil-
480278-59-74

WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 1959
269
liam Barlow for the respondent and concluded by Mr. John T. Mc-
Ternan for the petitioner.
No. 482. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fant Mill-
ing Company. Argued by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. O. B. Fisher for the respondent.
No. 518. The Atlantic Refining Company, Cities Service Produc-
tion Company, Continental Oil Company, et al., petitioners, v. Public
Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island Lighting
Company, et al.; and
No. 536. Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, petitioner, v.
Public Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island
Lighting Company, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. David T.
Searls for the petitioners in No. 518 and continued by Mr. Harry S.
Littman for the petitioner in No. 536 and by Mr. Kent H. Brown
for respondent, Public Service Commission of the State of New York,
in both cases.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 21, will be as follows: Nos. 518
(and 536), 573, and 15 Original.
х

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1959
270
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Jus-
tice Stewart.
,
Howard M. Metzenbaum, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Charles William Creighton,
Jr., of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; James
J. Mayer, of Mansfield, Ohio, and Robert Woodrow Levering, of
Mount Vernon, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Leroy H.
Scott, Jr., of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. Overton Brooks;
Calvin D. Trowbridge, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William
Creighton Wines; N. Douglas Parker, Jr., of Silver Spring, Md.,
David S. Scrivener, of Silver Spring, Md., and Samuel Scrivener,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ward B. McCarthy;
Marbeth A. Miller, of Marshfield, Wis., on motion of Mr. Victor
Rogers Taylor; George E. Adams, Jr., of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion
of Mr. Guy M. Meadows; Herbert L. Sherman, Jr., of Pittsburgh,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Woods, Jr.; Frank B. Peebles, of
San Rafael, Calif., on motion of Mr. Marion A. Hornbeck; Bill D.
Burlison, of Cape Girardeau, Mo., on motion of Mr. William D. Pat-
ton; and Francis Forti, of Washington, D.C.; Clarence G. Phillip,
of Falls Church, Va., John Wright Moore, of Alexandria, Va., Mel-
vin Ross Farrar, of Silver Spring, Md., Milton Joseph Socolar, of
Baltimore, Md., Hugh Randolph Robbins, of Vandemere, N.C., Irwin
Richman, of Miami, Fla., Richard E. Shipman, of South Bend, Ind.,
Ralph A. Byers, of Fairfax, Va., Walter E. Eliff, of Washington,
D.C., Sadye Jane Davis, of Washington, D.C., James Edward Arm-
strong, of Washington, D.C., Thomas Warren Guiner, of Washing-
ton, D.C., Edith Tippett Thompson, of Washington, D.C., John T.
Burns, of Hyattsville, Md., James K. Scarborough, of Collinsville,
Miss., Charles J. Goguen, Jr., of Fitchburg, Mass., Ellwood C. Wells,
of Akron, Ohio, Walter Edward Mead, of Center Line, Mich.,
James Greenhaus, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank M.
Weitzel, were admitted to practice.
and
480278-59--75

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1959
271
No. 518. The Atlantic Refining Company, Cities Service Produc-
tion Company, Continental Oil Company, et al., petitioners, v. Pub-
lic Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island Light-
ing Company, et al.; and
No. 536. Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, petitioner, v. Pub-
lic Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island Light-
ing Company, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Edward S. Kirby
for respondents, Long Island Lighting Company and Public Service
Electric and Gas Company, in both cases and concluded by Mr. David
T. Searls for the petitioners in No. 518.
No. 573. United States, petitioner, v. 93.970 Acres of Land et al.
Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the petitioner and by Mr. Leon-
ard R. Hartenfeld for the respondent.
No. 15, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. States of Michi-
gan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, New York and Wisconsin.
Argument on the motion for leave to file complaint for declaratory
judgment commenced by Mr. Charles A. Bane for the plaintiff, con-
tinued by Mr. Paul L. Adams for the defendant, State of Michigan,
by Mr. John W. Reynolds for the defendant, State of Wisconsin, and
by Mr. Richard H. Shepp for the defendant, State of New York.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 22, will be as follows: No. 15,
Original.
Х

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1959
272
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
No. 874, Misc. October Term, 1957. Richard G. Riser, petitioner,
v. Harley O. Teets, Warden of the California State Prison at San
Quentin. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing and
recall of order denying certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 15, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. States of Michi-
gan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, New York and Wisconsin.
Argument on the motion for leave to file complaint for declaratory
judgment continued by Mrs. Lois G. Forer for the defendant, Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Rankin for the United States, as amicus curiae, by invitation of the
Court, and concluded by Mr. William C. Wines for the plaintiff.
Adjourned until Monday, May 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
480278-59
-76

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
273
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr.
Justice Stewart.
Mollie Dugan, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Eileen Evans, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Alfred D. Jahr, of New York, N. Y., Hyman Abrams, of New
York, N. Y., LeRoy Greenspan, of New York, N. Y., Ludwig Schif-
fer, of New York, N. Y., Harry Robert Varon, of New York, N. Y.,
Otto L. Walter, of New York, N. Y., Leonard T. Scully, of New
York, N. Y., Isaac M. Rothenberg, of New York, N. Y., Lionel Alan
Marks, of New York, N. Y., Bernard Rolnick, of New York, N. Y.,
Lawrence G. Marshall, of New York, N. Y., Robert M. Zweiman, of
New York, N. Y., Max Louis Kleinman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Carl
Feldhamer, of Massapequa, N. Y., Johanan Vigoda, of New York,
N. Y., Richard Sigmund Kaplan, of New York, N. Y., Adelbert C.
Matthews, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Harold V. Marcus, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., Joann Frances Daley, of Washington, D. C., Frances L.
Landry, of Baton Rouge, La., Jules F. Landry, of Baton Rouge, La.,
and Max M. Doner, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Mathew D. Griffin, of Everett, Wash.,
Archie Baker, of Everett, Wash., John Edmondson Prim, of Se-
attle, Wash., and Michael J. Cafferty, of Seattle, Wash., on mo-
tion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; Harold Orlando Harriger, of Lub-
bock, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; William L.
Bromberg, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers;
Robert C. Ward, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers;
John B. Bruff, of Mount Clemens, Mich., on motion of Mr. James G.
O'Hara; Glendale O. Scott, of Lebanon, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Joe
L. Evins; John Henry Denton, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Stewart L. Udall; Gene Harold Hall, of Asheville, N. C., Leonard
L. Loeb, of Milwaukee, Wis., C. Richard Crockett, of Little Rock,
Ark., and Richard C. Hagan, of Urbana, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon; Leonard S. Sachar, of Plainfield, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Bryce Wilson Rhyne; Daniel Francis McConnell, of
Indianapolis, Ind., William Ignatius Branagan, of Skokie, Ill., and
William E. Cullen, of Spokane, Wash., on motion of Mr. Arthur B.
Hanson; Gerald Gideon Schulsinger, of Washington, D. C., on mo-
tion of Mr. John Chisman Hanes; Isaac Rubin, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., Albert L. Stark, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Manlio S. Severino,
480278-59-77

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
274
of Mount Vernon, N. Y., P. Raymond Sirignano, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., Samuel Collins, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Harold J. Dittel-
man, of Ossining, N. Y., Herbert W. Aronson, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., Vernon F. Murphy, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Ilse Schelling,
of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Manlio M. Liccione, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., Irwin Halpern, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Harold P. Hartrath,
of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Joseph J. Ferone, of Eastchester, N. Y.,
Frank E. Behrman, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., John W. Real, of
Mount Vernon, N. Y., Daniel K. Kast, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.,
Howard Rukeyser, of White Plains, N. Y., Harold Kronenberg, of
White Plains, N. Y., Sam Eisenberg, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., David
Rubin, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Arthur Harold Ellis, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., Abraham Braslow, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Arthur
A. Herman, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Alfred A. Parisi, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., Frank H. Reagan, of White Plains, N. Y., Joseph
Baer Gilberg, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Sidney H. Posner, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., Reuben v. K. Posner, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., David
Cohn, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Martin Hirsch, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., Albert F. Wuestenhoefer, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Dante S.
Alberi, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Anthony A. Scarpino, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., John E. Kaiser, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Stanley
Bierman, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Maurice G. Henry, Jr., of Mount
Kisco, N. Y., Irwin Lipson, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., David John
Feigert, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., William Feinberg, of Mount
Vernon, N. Y., George W. Scapolito, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., C.
Robert Cerchiara, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Lawrence E. Kristoff, of
Byram, Conn., Herbert G. Friedgen, of New York, N. Y., Milton D.
Jacobs, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., Sydney M. Spector, of Scarsdale,
N. Y., Murray Joseph Landman, of Scarsdale, N. Y., James R.
Cowhey, of White Plains, N. Y., Mortimer C. O'Brien, Jr., of
White Plains, N. Y., and Walter B. Solinger II, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Abraham Markhoff; William McRae,
of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. R. G. deQuevedo; Robert R.
Slaughter, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Reich;
Morgan Cuthbertson, of Laguna Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Paul J. Foley; Arthur Kaiser, of New York, N. Y., and Carl F.
Hollander, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul H. Walker;
Richard Frederick Remmers, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert E. May; William Edward Allen, of Austin,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Gordon F. Thrall; Theodore Quentin Childs,
of New York, N. Y., and John A. Ewald, Jr., of Garden City, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker; Alfred Irwin Hopkins, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Sellery, Jr.; Sidney Kaplan, of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Harry Arthur Caleveas; Joseph
Anthony Lorenzo, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Harry N.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
275
Rosenfield; Thomas Raeburn White, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., Herbert
W. Reisner, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Bernard V. Lentz, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. W. Wilson White; A. Richard Kim-
brough, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. L. Dana Latham;
Horton H. Nielson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sherman
E. Burt; Wanda Lewandoski, of Baltimore, Md., and Frank C.
La Grange, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Thomas A.
Stansbury; Alfred Miller, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Clin-
ton B. D. Brown; and Noel W. Hauser, of New York, N. Y.,
Alfred M. Infosino, of Jamaica, N. Y., Robert P. Brown, of New
York, N. Y., Jack Tenzer, of Roslyn, N. Y., Charles Kramer, of New
York, N. Y., Daniel A. Novok, of New York, N. Y., William W.
Heiberger, of New York, N. Y., Julius Droisen, of New York, N. Y.,
Louis Riger, of New York, N. Y., Abraham Schwartz, of Long
Island City, N. Y., Paul J. Reid, of Massapequa, N. Y., Albert C.
Doody, of Franklin Square, N. Y., Frederick Froessel, Jr., of Com-
mack, N. Y., Lawrence Lauer, of New York, N. Y., Jerome Kern, of
New York, N. Y., Jacob J. Schwartzwald, of New York, N. Y., A.
David Benjamin, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Martin L. Baron, of New York,
N. Y., Norman Schlessberg, of New York, N. Y., Edward Robert
Garber, of New York, N. Y., Arthur M. Greenspan, of Jamaica,
N. Y., Moses M. Weinstein, of New Garden Hills, N. Y., Seymour
Launer, of Oceanside, N. Y., William Heller, of New York, N. Y.,
Gregory J. Melikian, of New York, N. Y., H. Edward Langer, of
New York, N. Y., Stanley B. Katz, of New York, N. Y., Herbert
James Miller, of New York, N. Y., John T. Nodar, of New York,
N. Y., Alexander Theoharous, of Long Island City, N. Y., Santo
Fazio, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Kurt M. Penner, of New York, N. Y.,
Graham Mark Schneider, of New York, N. Y., Joseph J. Glazer, of
Flushing, N. Y., Herman B. Zipser, of New York, N. Y., Perry
Gottlieb, of Jamaica, N. Y., Moses Thau, of New York, N. Y.,
Richard Henry Kalish, of New York, N. Y., Francis L. Dougan, of
New York, N. Y., Alvin L. Bucksbaum, of New York, N. Y., Albert
W. Surrey, of New York, N. Y., Laurence L. Shapiro, of New York,
N. Y., William J. Barry, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Licitra, of
New York, N. Y., Peter J. McCormack, Jr., of New York, N. Y.,
Gerard C. Durr, of New York, N. Y., Charles P. Donnelly, of New
York, N. Y., Frank X. Altimari, of Westbury, N. Y., Sol Wachtler,
of Kings Point, N. Y., and Theodore D. Hoffmann, of Hicksville,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Groat, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
',
No. 94. Joseph D. Bibb, Director of the Department of Public
Safety of the State of Illinois, et al., appellants v. Navajo Freight
Lines, Inc., a New Mexico Corporation, Ringsby Truck Lines, Inc., a

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
276
Nebraska Corporation, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Illinois. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart concurs.
No. 45. Beacon Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. The Hon. Harry C.
Westover, Judge of the United States District Court of the Southern
District of California, Central Division, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker concur. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 763. Southern Pacific Co., appellant, v. Corporation Commis-
sion of Arizona et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona.
Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 787. State Athletic Commission, appellant, v. Joseph Dorsey,
Jr. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. Motion to affirm granted and judgment af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 791. Lamar Bath House Co., et al., appellants, v. City of Hot
Springs, Ark., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arkansas.
Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 793. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Co.,
appellant, v. Illinois et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Motions to affirm granted
and judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 803. In the Matter of Sidney Sarner, appellant. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Motion to dismiss granted and
appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 805. Crown Zellerbach Corp., appellant, v. Washington. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Washington. Motion to dismiss
granted and appeal dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the ap-
peal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
277
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 695, Misc. James W. Rodgers, appellant, v. Utah. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Utah. Motion to dismiss granted and
appeal dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opin-
ion per curiam.
No. 252. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Retail Grocers Association, Inc., and Louie J. Speed, Inc. The mo-
tion of the State of Oklahoma for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae,
is granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 692. Consolidated Freightways, Inc., petitioner, v. United
Truck Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied.
No. 745. Paul De Lucia, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 818. Marie S. Kirkpatrick et al., petitioners, v. Sanders, Dis-
trict Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 819. Saul Greenberg et al., petitioners, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 821. Joseph Arnold Revard, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 823. Universe Tankships, Inc., petitioner, v. Aston Bartholo-
mew. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 824. Ada J. Vant et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Benefit Life
Insurance Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 825. Dave Fleischer, etc., petitioner, v. Robert S. Benjamin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 826. Paul Wengenroth et al., petitioners, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 827. Benjamin D. and Madeline Prentice Gilbert, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
278
No. 829. Anderson W. Wilson, petitioner, v. Arbie R. Miles et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 832. William Dubilier, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 834. County of Los Angeles et al., petitioners, v. Flying Tiger
Line, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 835. Haltom City State Bank of Fort Worth, petitioner, v.
Seaboard Surety Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 837. Charles H. Rutherford, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 839. Earl E. Wright, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 843. Bidart Bros., a Corporation, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 845. Robert F. Hardy et al., petitioners, v. Eula May Ivins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Montana
denied.
No. 634. Bernice Sheptur, petitioner, v. Procter & Gamble Dis-
tributing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 713. Smoot Sand & Gravel Corp., petitioner, v. District of Co-
lumbia;
No. 466, Misc. Samuel G. Perroni, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois;
No. 650, Misc. James H. Granger, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 658, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American
Airways, Inc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 261. American National Bank of Jacksonville, petitioner, v.
United States of America and Title & Trust Company of Florida.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
279
No. 709, Misc. William Riley, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 725, Misc. Artis S. Washington, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 737, Misc. John Wilson, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 740, Misc. Connie Wilkins, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 746, Misc. Alberto M. Baray, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 747, Misc. Charles W. Williams, petitioner, v. Alabama. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 751, Misc. Karl Goldenberg, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Massachusetts,
Bristol County, denied.
No. 755, Misc. Charles L. Mault, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 757, Misc. Joseph Mulvaney, petitioner, v. George F. Good-
man, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Jersey denied.
No. 759, Misc. United States ex rel. Edward W. Dopkowski, peti-
tioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 762, Misc. United States ex rel. James Janosko, petitioner, v.
Robert E. Murphy, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 764, Misc. Albert E. Blackshear, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 765, Misc. Aerie Veech, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 782, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. George
Leon, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller, Warden. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1959
280
No. 784, Misc. John Butcher, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 785, Misc. Samuel G. Perroni, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 786, Misc. Anderson Jones, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 799, Misc. Robert W. R. Baker, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 801, Misc. Hilary L. Wheat and Jessie C. Smith, petitioners,
v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 802, Misc. Charles Gregory, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 804, Misc. Harvey E. Witherspoon, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 752, Misc. Mack Thomas, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 894, Misc. Vender Lee Duncan, petitioner, v. California.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, June 1, until Monday,
June 8, next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
281
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice-
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice.
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice.
Stewart.
William Esbitt, of New York, N.Y., Pauline Leach Frye, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Benjamin J. Arena, of Lewiston, Maine; Joel Rudof
of Los Angeles, Calif., Everett H. Berberian, of San Francisco, Calif.,
and Orville E. Ross, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Oscar H.
Davis; Robert A. Wenke, of Long Beach, Calif., and Francis D.
Tappaan, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Kuchel;
Robert M. Curtis, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G.
Rogers; Raymond E. Ott, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Walker W.
Downs, of La Verne, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles Kinsley
McWhorter; David Glick, of Baltimore, Md., and John Warren
McGarry, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Dante B. Fascell;
Carolus Wenzlik Ruscick, of New York, N.Y., and R. M. James Rus-
cick, of Englewood, N.J., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr.;
Leland C. Shepard, Jr., of Miami, Fla, and Charles D. Goble, of
Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Le Roy
Willian Gudgeon, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Rufus King; Ed-
ward C. Scoyen, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. B. K.
Wheeler; Dan McElroy, of Dallas, Tex., and Wade Herbert Sides,
Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.; Charles W.
Kieser, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ralph D. Pittman;
Jerome Alan Cohen, of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Dean G.
Acheson; Frank DeMarco, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. D. Heywood Hardy; Dan Henke, of San Antonio, Tex., and
James Joseph McArdle, of Great Falls, Mont., on motion of Mr.
Manuel J. Davis; Lloyd J. Derrickson, of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Marc A. White; Standau E. Weinbrecht, of Arlington,
Va., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; William C. Starke, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Elmer W. Henderson; John H. Hal-
pin, Jr., of Redding, Calif., on motion of Mr. Kenneth Meiklejohn;
Donald Vail, of New York, N.Y., and Joseph F. Monaghan, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Beaty; Joseph Corie, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Plato Ernest Papps; John T.
Murphy, of Woonsocket, R.I., on motion of Mr. Thomas Albert
Stansbury; Richard H. Sommer, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
480278-59-78

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
282
Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.; Renae Reeder Hubbard, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. McAndrews; Albert J. Schmuck,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward J. Schmuck; Raymond
Ward Bergan, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Florian J.
Bartosic; Ruth V. Reel, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry
Geller; Edwin C. Johnson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ed-
win S. Rockefeller; Benjamin H. Siff, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Harold F. Reis; Leo Silverstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Bernard Levin; W. B. Patterson of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. William H. Clarke; Joseph E. McDowell, of
Washington, D.C., and Milton H. Schmidt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William L. McGovern; and Francis J. Robinson, of
Syracuse, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edwin L. Kahn, were admitted to
practice.
No. 101. William Vincent Vitarelli, petitioner, v. Fred A. Seaton,
Secretary of the Interior, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, concur-
ring in part and dissenting in part, with whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr.
Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 773. Rubin L. Siegel et al., appellants, v. Association of the Bar
of the City of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 783. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People et al., petitioners, v. Williams, Revenue Commissioner. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. The
motion to substitute Dixon Oxford in the place of T. V. Williams as
the party respondent is granted. The State represents that no fine
against petitioner has been finally determined and assessed. Accord-
ingly, the petition for a writ of certiorari is denied, leaving petitioner
free to take further proceedings here when the judgment below be-
comes final or the jurisdiction of this Court may otherwise be appro-
priately invoked. Opinion per curiam. Separate opinion filed by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 851. Ohio, on Relation of Paul T. Klapp, Prosecuting Attor-
ney, petitioner, v. Dayton Power & Light Co. et al. On petition for

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
283
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment reversed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 833. Jesse Blackburn, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama granted.
No. 859. United States, petitioner, v. Republic Steel Corp. et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 858. United States, petitioner, v. Allen Kaiser. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 828. R. Lawrence Siegel et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 838. North American Van Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 840. Pearl Holeman, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville R.R.
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ken-
tucky denied.
No. 846. D. Woodrow Worthington, petitioner, v. Commodity
Credit Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 847. Century Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. Wieboldt Stores,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 848. Sidney M. Keller et al., petitioners, v. Edwin L. Sanger.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 849. Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners et al., peti-
tioners, v. Jerry R. England et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 850. New Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Outboard, Ma-
rine & Manufacturing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 861. Josephine Daviditis et al., petitioners, v. National Bank
of Mattoon et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
284
No. 862. Memphis Transit Co., petitioner, v. Tennessee ex rel.
Leech, Commissioner of Highways. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle Division, denied.
No. 863. Gloria L. Messina, Administratrix, petitioner, v. Clark
Equipment Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 864. Peter Pannell, petitioner, v. "SS. American Flyer" et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 869. National Biscuit Division, etc., petitioner, v. Leedom et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 894. State Board of Equalization, petitioner, v. Gough Indus-
tries, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 841. Anonymous (No. 14), petitioner, v. Hon. George A. Ark-
wright et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition
granted. Joint motion to substitute Edward G. Baker in the place of
George A. Arkwright (retired) as a party respondent granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 842. Anonymous (Nos. 16 and 17) et al., petitioners, v. Hon.
George A. Arkwright et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the
petition granted. Joint motion to substitute Edward G. Baker in the
place of George A. Arkwright (retired) as a party respondent
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 853. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. Meadow
Creek Coal Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 750. Frank David, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 785. David E. Hartshorn, petitioner, v. District of Columbia
Redevelopment Agency; and
No. 626, Misc. Harold Yates, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 221. Joseph Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 224. Joseph John Cannella, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
285
No. 613. St. Regis Tribe of Mohawk Indians, petitioner, v. New
York. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 482, Misc. John D. Leach, petitioner, v. Winfred Overholser,
Superintendent, St. Elizabeths Hospital. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 583, Misc. Mac Tanner, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 662, Misc. Lynn P. Fullen, petitioner, v. State of Wyoming.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming
denied.
No. 692, Misc. Carl Edelson, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 732, Misc. Robert Theodore Weaver, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 774, Misc. Nancy Cross, petitioner, v. John L. Tustin, Indi-
vidually and as Personnel Director of Santa Clara County, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 776, Misc. Daniel Curry, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 778, Misc. Philip Milberger, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 780, Misc. Clyde C. Reed, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 793, Misc. Cordis T. Glenn, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari of the Criminal Court of Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 809, Misc. Andrew J. Lloyd, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 816, Misc. William Helsel, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 818, Misc. Robert L. Johnson, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
286
No. 824, Misc. John Joseph Merkie, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 921, Misc. Henry M. Griffith, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington, denied.
No. 794, Misc. Mike Ortiz, petitioner, v. New Mexico; and
No. 815, Misc. Jesse Joiner, Jr., petitioner, v. DeWitt Sinclair,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus denied.
No. 775, Misc. Nancy Cross, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court of
California et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
No. 594, Misc. In the Matter of Disbarment of John Harvey Crow.
It having been reported to the Court that John Harvey Crow, of
Urbana, State of Ohio, has been disbarred from the practice of law
in all the courts of the State of Ohio by judgment of the Common
Pleas Court, Champagne County, State of Ohio, duly entered on the
16th day of August, A.D. 1956, and this Court by order of March
23, 1959, having suspended the said John Harvey Crow from the
practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring
him to show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served
upon the respondent, who has filed a return thereto; now, upon con-
sideration of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid;
It is ordered that the said John Harvey Crow be, and he is hereby
disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision
of this matter. Mr. Justice Douglas, with whom Mr. Justice Black
concurs, dissenting.
The disposition made of this disbarment proceeding does not con-
form to our practice. While admission to membership in our Bar is
dependent on membership in a Bar of a State or other like political
unit (Rule 5), disbarment there does not automatically result in dis-
barment here. When a State disbars a lawyer, we suspend him and is-
sue a rule to show cause why he should not be disbarred. He then has
an opportunity to make a return, after which (or on expiration of
40 days if no response is made) "the court will enter an appropriate
order." Rule 8.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1959
287
If a return is made challenging the fairness of the state proceedings
that resulted in his disbarment there, it is our practice to appoint a
committee to make an inquiry into the matter and submit a report
and recommendation to us. That was done In the Matter of Hulon
Capshaw. Journal, February 12, 1945; 65 Sup. Ct. Rep. 673. The
committee there appointed reported and, acting on that report,
we entered an order of disbarment. Journal, May 19, 1947; 67
Sup. Ct. Rep. 1345.
Crow has made a return in this case denying the charges against
him, alleging they were "manufactured." He challenges the reliability
of the witnesses who spoke against him, he insists that the testimony
of some witnesses refutes the charges; he maintains that persons with
dishonorable motives induced witnesses to testify falsely against him;
he alleges that one of the judges who sat in the disbarment proceed-
ings should have been disqualified.
Three of the charges relate to Crow's conduct in divorce proceed-
ings. The fourth involves a charge that $100 given him by a client
for posting a bond was not so used and was never returned.
The charges are serious but no more so than those involved in the
Capshaw case. It is for us to make our own determination as to the
fitness of an attorney to remain on our rolls. State proceedings of
disbarment, though presumptively correct, are not binding. See
Selling v. Radford, 243 U.S. 46. This is not the first time that state
disbarment proceedings have been challenged as lacking in proce-
dural due process. See Isserman v. Ethics Committee, 345 U.S. 927
(dissent). Sometimes we can act on the face of the record as where
no serious issues of fact are involved. See In re Isserman, 345 U.S.
286, rev'd, 348 U.S. 1. But the important questions presented here
turn on factual issues. The return in this case contains allegations
which, if proved, would suggest that the requirements of fair proce-
dure, without which no citizen can be deprived of his livelihood, were
not satisfied in the Ohio proceedings.
These complaints that Crow makes may prove to be as fanciful as
he thinks the charges against him are. But we should act only after
a report of a committee that reflects none of the feeling and prej-
udices of the community which has condemned Crow.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, June 8, until Monday,
June 15, next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 8, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
288
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
Nancy A. Murry, of River Falls, Wis., Cornelius Bryant Ken-
nedy, of Chicago, Ill., Mervin Glass, of Los Angeles, Calif., Wil-
liam G. Carpenter, of Columbus, Ohio, Cay Arlis Newhouse, Jr.,
of Royal Oak, Mich., S. L. Simpkins, of Elk City, Okla., Frederick
G. McGavin, of Reading, Pa., Joseph E. DeSantis, of Reading, Pa.,
Henry M. Koch, of Reading, Pa., James D. Loebl, of Ojai, Calif.,
Joseph Stevens, of New Brunswick, N.J., and John C. North, Jr.,
of Corpus Christi, Tex., on motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Wm.
P. Horgan, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Laurence
Davis Regal, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Henry M. Jack-
son; Lionel B. Gumnit, of Philadelphia, Pa., Samson B. Bernstein,
of Philadelphia, Pa., Joseph E. Gembala, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Joseph Warren McNab Darling, of Philadelphia, Pa., on mo-
tion of Mr. Hugh D. Scott, Jr.; Howard Spencer Hoover, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Joseph C. O'Mahoney; Joseph Arthur Boyd,
Jr., of Hialeah, Fla., Harvie Sheffield DuVal, of Miami Shores, Fla.,
Ernest N. Stamey, of Miami Springs, Fla., William J. Piquette, of
Miami Springs, Fla., Harold P. Kravitz, of Miami, Fla., Frank
Thomas Imand, of Miami, Fla., Byrd V. Duke, Jr., of Miami, Fla.,
Leonard P. Cardone, of Miami, Fla., Jerome George Greene, of
Miami, Fla., Rafael A. Rivera-Cruz, of Miami, Fla., M. Lewis
Hall, Jr., of Miami, Fla., Edward Louis Lustgarten, of Miami,
Fla., Hubert G. Roberts, of Hialeah, Fla., William G. Spell-
man, of Miami Springs, Fla., Thomas A. Testa, of Miami
Springs, Fla., A. V. Bethencourt, of Miami, Fla., and Thomas
Gibson O'Connell, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Spessard L.
Holland; Theodore Robert Laputka, of Hazleton, Pa., Kenneth R.
Bayless, of Hazleton, Pa., Bartel E. Ecker, of Hazleton, Pa., and
Martin David Cohn, of Hazleton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Daniel
J. Flood; J. Wesley Sampier, of Rogers, Ark., on motion of Mr.
James W. Trimble; John William Bell, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
and Harvey Ford, of West Hollywood, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G.
Rogers; Frank J. Wagner, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Vanik; Hugh E. Reynolds, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. E. Ross Adair; Charles Edward Clark, of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; Harold Albert
480278-59--79

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
289
Liebenson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle;
William Jenkins Wilcox, of Allentown, Pa., on motion of Mr. Wil-
lard S. Curtin; Louie Kenneth Collier, of Harrisburg, Ark., on
motion of Mr. E. C. Gathings; Frank W. Donaldson, of Birming-
ham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Armistead I. Selden, Jr.; James Al-
bert Dunson, of Fairview Park, Ohio, Randolph G. England, of
Cleveland, Ohio, and John A. Demer, of Strongsville, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. William E. Minshall; Dennis J. Livadas, of Rochester,
N.Y., and Donald Edward Schwartz, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. John V. Lindsay; Clark O'Hanlon, of Blair, Nebr.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Thone; James T. Paulantis, of Albu-
querque, N. Mex., and W. Peter McAtee, of Albuquerque, N. Mex.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Montoya; Ernest S. DeLaney, Jr., of
Charlotte, N.C., on motion of Mr. Basel Lee Whitener; Louis R.
Cerefice, of Newark, N.J., Edward G. D'Alessandro, of Newark,
N.J., Thomas P. Ford, Jr., of Newark, N.J., Kalman Friedman,
of Newark, N.J., Elias I. Cohen, of Newark, N.J., Reginald A.
Creighton, of Newark, N.J., Arthur W. Herrigel, of Newark, N.J.,
A. Warren Herrigel, of Clinton, N.J., Bruce D. Herrigel, of Clinton,
N.J., Joseph W. Kapp, of Maplewood, N.J., Sidney Lipstein, of
Newark, N.J., Earl Pollack, of Kenilworth, N.J., Michael Howard,
of Newark, N.J., Carmine Sgro, of Hackensack, N.J., and Ray-
mond R. Pasino, of Clifton, N.J., on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle;
Lewis E. Caplan, of New Haven, Conn., Donald J. Irwin, Norwalk,
Conn., John W. Barnett, of New Haven, Conn., Edgar W. Bas-
sick III, of Bridgeport, Conn., L. Stewart Bohan, of Meriden, Conn.,
William C. Bieluch, of Hartford, Conn., Michael V. Blansfield, of
Waterbury, Conn., John L. Bonee, Jr., of Hartford, Conn., Gerald
W. Brownstein, of New Haven, Conn., Raymond Tyrrell T. Benedict,
of Stamford, Conn., Morris H. Broder, of Colchester, Conn., Ed-
ward Carl Berg 3d, of West Hartford, Conn., Charles S. Brody,
of Bridgeport, Conn., Seth O. L. Brody, of Newtown, Conn., Isadore
Chaplowe, of Stratford, Conn., James R. Greenfield, of New Haven,
Conn., Samuel A. Gilliland, of Bridgeport, Conn., Richard Lawrence
Hershatter, of New Haven, Conn., Dorothy Estelle Kelmenson, of
Hartford, Conn., Jack Lawrence Grogins, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
Bennett Josovitz, of Bridgeport, Conn., F. Richards Ford III, of
Greenwich, Conn., Louis F. Hanrahan, of Farmington, Conn.,
James R. Healey, of Waterbury, Conn., Dennis N. Garvey, of Ham-
den, Conn., Bernard F. Grabowski, of Bristol, Conn., John F. Holian,
of Newton, Conn., Frederic M. Klein, of New Haven, Conn., Julius
Groher, of New Canaan, Conn., Ira E. Hicks, of New Canaan, Conn.,
Treat Clark Hull, of Danbury, Conn., H. LeRoy Jackson, of Dan-
bury, Conn., Victor M. Gordon, of New Haven, Conn., P. Corbin
Kohn, of Hartford, Conn., William D. Graham, of Hartford, Conn.,

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
290
David A. Kinsler, of Hartford, Conn., Edward C. Krawiecki, of
Bristol, Conn., Benjamin Globman, of Hartford, Conn., Sydney C.
Kweskin, of Stamford, Conn., Julius B. Kuriansky, of Stamford,
Conn, Frederick A. Freedman, of Monroe, Conn., Robert T. Gil-
huly, of Stamford, Conn., John R. FitzGerald, of Manchester, Conn.,
Everett F. Fink, of Hartford, Conn., José Machado Calhoun, of
Hartford, Conn., Robert Ewing, of Hartford, Conn., Atwood Col-
lins II, of Hartford, Conn., Merriam Davis, of Windsor, Conn.,
William S. Ewing, Jr., of Wethersfield, Conn., Edwin K. Dimes,
of Westport, Conn., Warren W. Eginton, of Stamford, Conn., Harry
W. Cofrances, of New Haven, Conn., Louis A. DeFabritis, of Dan-
bury, Conn., Henry Ramenda, of West Hartford, Conn., Thomas
P. Byrne, of Hartford, Conn., Robert D. Delaney, of Bridgeport,
Conn., Frederick U. Conard, Jr., of Hartford, Conn., Charles L.
Flynn, of West Haven, Conn., David William Goldman, of New
Haven, Conn., Bernard P. Kopkind, of New Haven, Conn., Robert
Walter Gordon, of Manchester, Conn., Robert F. Kahan, of Rock-
ville, Conn., Joseph W. Knott, of Stratford, Conn., A. Searle Pin-
ney, of Danbury, Conn., George Papazoglou, of Danbury, Conn.,
Lawrence M. Liebman, of New Haven, Conn., Robert R. Maynard,
of Bristol, Conn., J. Weston Maher, of Hartford, Conn., Leon R.
Nemore, of Norwalk, Conn., John C. Sturges, of New Canaan, Conn.,
David M. Rosen, of Stamford, Conn., Alvah W. Sulloway, of Darien,
Conn., J. Leonard Lyons, of Bridgeport, Conn., Raymond F. Ross, of
Bridgeport, Conn., Arline R. Mooney, of Granby, Conn., Sid M.
Miller, of Hamden, Conn., Frederick S. Moss, of New Haven, Conn.,
Howard A. Sackett, of Fairfield, Conn., Frank J. Monchun, of
Windsor, Conn., Louis G. Matthews, of Danbury, Conn., Richard
L. Winter, of Bridgeport, Conn., Joseph George Shapiro, of Bridge-
port, Conn., Paul Smith, of Torrington, Conn., Jules C. Simon, of
Bridgeport, Conn., Samuel W. Zwecker, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
Bernard H. Trager, of Bridgeport, Conn., Willard J. Overlock,
of Stamford, Conn., Ralph A. Nichols, of Stamford, Conn., Clif-
ford R. Oviatt, Jr., of Stamford, Conn., Jay S. Siegel, of Hart-
ford, Conn., Peter B. Sullivan, of Hartford, Conn., Raymond James
Quinn, Jr., of Waterbury, Conn., John F. Phelan, of Waterbury,
Conn., Richard G. Traurig, of Waterbury, Conn., Walter M.
Pickett, Jr., of Washington, Conn., Emmet P. Nichols, of Water-
bury, Conn., Irving Wm. Pasternak, of Waterbury, Conn., Richard
S. Levin, of Hartford, Conn., Joseph William Ress, of Hartford,
Conn., Thaddeus Maliszewski, of Windsor, Conn., Donald Ruffkess,
of Hartford, Conn., Bernard Plotnick, of Stamford, Conn., Thomas
J. O'Malley, of Windsor, Conn., John Bentley Pearson, of Hart-
ford, Conn., Jeremiah D. Shea, of New Haven, Conn., David Michael
Shea, of Hartford, Conn., Jay E. Yaffo, of West Hartford, Conn.,

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
291
Jerome I. Walsh, of Hartford, Conn., Philip Abbe Morehouse, of
Darien, Conn., Leo Nevas, of Westport, Conn., Harry P. Lander,
of New Haven, Conn., Alan H. Nevas, Westport, Conn., Leonard
A. Schine, of Westport, Conn., Robert L. Rosensweig, of Hartford,
Conn., William A. Robinson, of Hartford, Conn., Marion Silver-
berg, of New Canaan, Conn., Jeroll R. Silverberg, of New Canaan,
Conn., Morton I. Riefberg, of Danbury, Conn., Harry M. Lessin,
of Norwalk, Conn., Walter B. Lockwood, of Stamford, Conn., George
F. Lowman, of Darien, Conn., and Carl W. Nielsen, of Hartford,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker; Jerome I. Feldman,
of New York, N.Y., Martin M. Pollak, of New York, N.Y., and
Herbert Plever, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Norman
Rubin; Geo. L. Zimmerman, of Alamogordo, N. Mex., on motion of
Mr. William D. Donnelly; Richard Katcher, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Paul R. Harmel; Hector Reichard, of Aguadilla,
P.R., on motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Walter H. Evans, Jr.,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener;
Erias Staton Hyman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James
B. Cobb; Forrest Lynwood Judson, of Wichita, Kans., and Michael
Roskos, of Forty Fort, Pa., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan;
E. Hugh Cunningham, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr.
Frank Roberson, Joe W. Henry, Jr., of Pulaski, Tenn., Tom W.
Moore, of Pulaski, Tenn., and Carl E. Erickson, of Brainerd, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Joe L. Evins; Emanuel Silverman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ernest F. Wenderoth; Christian V. Graf,
of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Roland Rice; Garland P.
Thompson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Cullen B. Jones,
Jr.; Earl E. Anderson, of Morgantown, W. Va., on motion of Mr.
E. Eugene Luther; Philip Schlau, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. James E. Greeley; John Henry Fallon, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur B. Carton; James B. O'Neill, of New
Orleans, on motion of Mr. Edwin E. Willis; and Armand A. Kor-
zenik, of Hartford, Conn., Walter C. Koehler, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Edward J. Desmond, of Buffalo, N.Y., Dale E. Doty, of Falls
Church, Va., John M. Tully, of Summersville, W. Va., Robert F.
Buck, of Seattle, Wash., Sidney Dwight Griffith, of Columbus, Ohio,
Donald J. Rich, of Washington, D.C., James W. Dent, of Washing-
ton, D.C., William H. Grimditch, Jr., of Deerfield Beach, Fla.,
John E. Drury, Jr., of Buffalo, N.Y., Henry E. Howell, Jr., of
Norfolk, Va., Albert A. Nutini, of Bristol, R.I., Marvin J. Brode, of
Memphis, Tenn., Philo Clarke Calhoun, of Bridgeport, Conn., Jules
Silk, of Philadelphia, Pa., Thomas Winfield Wilson, of Bethesda,
Md., and George M. McMillan, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of
Mr. Donald R. Simpson, were admitted to practice.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
292
No. 157. Park H. Martin, Successor to Joseph Lawler as Secretary
of Highways of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., appellants,
v. J. K. Creasy, William W. McNamee, Jack C. Marshell, et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart announced by Mr. Justice
Whittaker. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan, with whom
Mr. Chief Justice Warren concurs. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas dissenting in part.
No. 329. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cabot Car-
bon Company and Cabot Shops, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Whittaker.
No. 347. County of Allegheny, petitioner, v. Frank Mashuda Com-
pany, a Partnership, Frank Mashuda, Stanley Mashuda, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Farnkfurter and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 35. Lloyd Barenblatt, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom
Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
No. 127. Albertis S. Harrison, Jr., Attorney General of Virginia,
et al. appellants, v. National Association for the Advancement of Col-
ored People, a Corporation, and NAACP Legal Defense and Educa-
tional Fund, Incorporated. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the District Court with instructions to afford the
appellees a reasonable opportunity to bring appropriate proceedings
in the Virginia courts, meanwhile retaining its own jurisdiction of
the case, and for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr.
Justice Brennan concur.
No. 406. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Simplicity Pat-
tern Co., Inc., and
No. 447. Simplicity Pattern Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
480278-59--80

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
293
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed
insofar as it set aside and remanded the Commission's order and
affirmed as to the remainder. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 34. Willard Uphaus, appellant, v. Louis C. Wyman, Attorney
General, State of New Hampshire. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of New Hampshire. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas
join.
No. 584. Louise Lassiter, appellant, v. Northampton County Board
of Elections. Appeal from the Supreme Court of North Carolina.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Thibodaux. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and the stay order
of the District Court reinstated. Case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 210. United States of America, appellant, v. The Atlantic Re-
fining Company et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Jus-
tice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Clark and
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 90. Johnny Ray Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment and conviction reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Ala-
bama with instructions to dismiss the information. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart join, concurring
in part and dissenting in part.
No. 74. Henry J. Mills and Osmond J. Litolff, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana; and
No. 75. August J. Mills, Sr., petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On
writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgments
affirmed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren. Mr. Justice Brennan joins in the Court's opinion, with an addi-
tional statement. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
294
with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur.
No. 753. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People, petitioner, v. Alabama ex rel. John Patterson. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama; and
No. 674, Misc. National Association for the Advancement of Col-
ored People, petitioner, v. Honorable J. Ed Livingston, Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of Alabama, et al. On motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus. The petition for writ of certiorari in
No. 753 is granted. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama. Judgment reversed and case remanded for proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. In No. 674, Misc.
the motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 699. Ohio ex rel. Eaton, appellant, v. Price, Chief of Police
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Probable jurisdiction is
noted. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Brennan who voted to note
probable jurisdiction filed a separate memorandum. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker, who voted against noting probable jurisdiction filed a
separate memorandum. Mr. Justice Clark who voted against noting
probable jurisdiction filed a separate memorandum. Mr. Justice
Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 831. Ford Motor Co., appellant, v. Alexander Park et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Motion to dismiss granted
and appeal dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 852. Lee C. Moore Corp., petitioner, v. Emmett W. Pryor et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 866. Joseph M. Brennan, petitioner, v. W. A. Wills, Ltd., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
295
No. 867. Everest & Jennings, Inc., petitioner, v. E. & J. Manufac-
turing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 871. American Export Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Gulf Italia
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 872. North Central Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 874. Bennie L. Whitfield et al., petitioners, v. United Steel-
workers of America, Local No. 2708, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 876. Helms Bakeries, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 877. A. Philip Woolfson, petitioner, v. Lester T. Doyle, Trus-
tee in Reorganization, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 886. Marvin Dancyger, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 906. Charles L. Engelsher, M.D., petitioner, v. Morris A. Ja-
cobs, M.D. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 930. Bricklayers, Masons, Plasterers, etc., Union No. 3, Flor-
ida, petitioner, v. Cone Brothers Contracting Co. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 169. Grocery Drivers Union Local 848, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Seven Up Bottling Company of Los Angeles, Incorporated. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 774 Elmo E. Allen et al., petitioners, v. Columbia Gas System,
Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 547. David Bohn, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
296
No. 656, Misc. James Edward Miles, petitioner, v. United States?
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 750, Misc. Herbert Leon Gundlach, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 761, Misc. Teresa M. Smith, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 777, Misc. Louis August Jackson, petitioner, v. California
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 783, Misc. Harold E. Newman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 789, Misc. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 796, Misc. Cornell Paul Smith, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Franklin County, denied.
No. 805, Misc. Joseph Domico, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 806, Misc. Howard Allen, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 810, Misc. Leslie Holloway, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 812, Misc. Helen M. Converse, petitioner, v. Mental Hygiene
Department of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 823, Misc. LeRoy F. Barbour, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 826, Misc. Anthony Pollino, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 827, Misc. Ralph A. Howell, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Iowa denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
297
No. 832, Misc. Emanuel F. Heard, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 834, Misc. Charles S. Porter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 836, Misc. George Younger, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 839, Misc. Loyd Lucas, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 844, Misc. Frank Egitto, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 874, Misc. Samuel George, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 876, Misc. James Allen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 890, Misc. Marion Harden Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 733, Misc. Jim H. Corbett, petitioner, v. Common Pleas Court
of Stark County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 795, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. Thomas F.
Keating, Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and for other relief
denied.
No. 842, Misc. Jack P. McCraw, petitioner, v. New Mexico;
No. 849, Misc. Willie Lowery, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden;
No. 854, Misc. Charles Polito, petitioner, v. Warden, Nevada State
Penitentiary;
No. 860, Misc. Billy Reece Wagoner, petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina;
No. 861, Misc. Dean Amos Cummings, petitioner, v. Harry C.
Tinsley, Warden;
No. 862, Misc. Elton Harter, petitioner, v. Illinois; and

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1959
298
No. 889, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 841, Misc. Milton Carl Justus, petitioner, v. T. M. Woodruff,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 848, Misc. Leonard H. LundBerg, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied. Treating the papers submitted
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, June 15, until Monday,
June 22.
Adjourned until Monday, June 15, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
299
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Kwock Tim Yee, of Honolulu, T. H., Eugene S. Ives, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Darwin L. Dibble, of Los Angeles, Calif., Manuel
Seligman, of Los Angeles, Calif., Wayne Goodwin Barnett, of
Washington, D.C., Donald Stuart Smith, of Westfield, N.J., Wilson
D. Hill, of Richmond, Mo., William Walbridge Greenhalgh,
of Berryville, Va., J. Carroll Schueler, of Seattle, Wash., Ber-
nard J. Ruggieri, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Jesse Bernard Beaird, Jr., of
Norman, Okla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
James Edward Wilkins, of Mission, Tex., on motion of Joe M. Kil-
gore; Charles Norris Tilton, of Jensen Beach, Fla., on motion of Paul
G. Rogers; Stephen L. Ruff, of Chicago, Ill., and William Sven
Grotefeld, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Charles A. Boyle; Louis
Henry Beard, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Jack Brooks; Samuel
M. Suwol, of Portland, Oreg., and John Henry DeMoully, of Palo
Alto, Calif., on motion of Wayne Lyman Morse; Harry T. Shafer, of
Compton, Calif., on motion of Clyde Gilman Doyle; Duane Leslie
Faw, of Van Horn, Tex., and James S. Mahon, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Ralph W. Yarborough; Robert W. Kastenmeier, of Watertown,
Wis., on motion of Henry S. Reuss; Erwin L. Pummer, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Clair Engle; Floyd E. Hutcherson, of Rockwood,
Tenn., on motion of Estes Kefauver; Richard N. Little, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., on motion of Thomas Henry Kuchel; W. Walters Miller,
of Ritzville, Wash., on motion of Leslie Hawes Fisher; Frank A.
McKinley, of Honolulu, T. H., and Sherwin Seldin, of Utica, N.Y.,
on motion of Paul F. Borden; Paul B. McGinnis, of Denver, Colo.,
on motion of Donald R. Simpson; Thad T. Hutcheson, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Charles Kinsley McWhorter; Richard Jesse
Gage, of Joliet, Ill., on motion of Allen C. Dawson; John Newton
Lyle, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Maurice Friedman; Irving
Michael Atkin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Herbert A. Berg-
son; William Nelson Morell, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of William
L. Ellis; Jordan R. Metzger, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Bernard Kulik; Isadore Winderman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on mo-
tion of Manuel J. Davis; Thomas Jerome Simmons, of Sioux Falls,
S. Dak., Thomas J. Egan, of Washington, D.C. and Neil Flanagin,
of Glen Cove, Ill., on motion of William Lockhart Garwood; John
480278-59--81

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
300
Henry Price, Jr., of Indianola, Miss., on motion of Dugas Shands;
Gregory J. Castano, of Harrison, N.J., on motion of Joseph F. Span-
iol, Jr.; Thomas R. Sullivan, of Staten Island, N.Y. on motion of
John L. Ingoldsby; Thomas J. Ryan, of Annandale, Va., on motion
of Jerome D. Fenton; David Moulson Klinedinst, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Lamar Ellsworth Chamberlain; Leon BenEzra,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Phineas Indritz; George Psoras,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Henry W. Hartlove; H. Alva Brum-
field, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Warren E. Miller; Lucian
R. Lardiere, of Glen Ridge, N.J., on motion of Raymond F. Garrity;
Sam Monchak, of Clifton, N.J., on motion of William Pitt Shattuck;
William Wade Beckett, of Washington, D.C., on motion of James
P. Burns; Shephen S. Simmerman, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of
Byron Nicholson Scott, and MacIlburne Van Voorhies, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Francis G. Awalt, were admitted to practice.
No. 482. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fant Mill-
ing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 378. Anonymous Nos. 6 and 7, appellants, v. Hon. Edward G.
Baker, as Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment af-
firmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan concur.
No. 439. Jackson D. Magenau, Administrator of the Estate of
Norman Ormsbee, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. Aetna Freight Lines,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsyl-
vania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
Stewart join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom
Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
No. 581. William W. Burns, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio for further action not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
301
whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 583. Henry Napue, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois for pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Warren.
No. 383. Howard R. Marshall, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Colorado for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice
Black dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 830. Magnus J. Petersen, appellant, v. California. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of California. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 790, Misc. Joseph Ortega, appellant, v. Joseph D. Bibb, Di-
rector of the Dept. of Public Safety, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The
appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 784. George B. Petite, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 895. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Henry Broch
and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 721, Misc. James Ivey Wyatt, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 772. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People, Inc., petitioner, v. Arkansas ex rel. Bennett, Attorney General.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
302
No. 856. Local Union 976 et al., petitioners, v. Dairy Distributors,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 860. Seneca Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. Brucker, Secre-
tary of Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 868. Alonzo Bullock et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Henry Travis Schnautz, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 879. Arthur Fromen, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 880. Robert F. Zeddies, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 881. William T. Alvarado Sales Co., et al., petitioners, v. Sid-
ney S. Rubaloff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 882. Morgenstern Chemical Co., Inc., petitioner, v. G. D.
Searle & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 883. Embry Brothers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Howard L.
Davis et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 885. Owensboro On The Air, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 889. Douglas H. McDonald, Trustee, petitioner, v. United
States et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 887. Webster Rosewood Corporation, petitioner, v. Schine
Chain Theatres, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 890. Division of National Missions of the Board of Missions of
the Methodist Church, et al., petitioners, v. Otto J. Koerner, Admin-
istrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
303
No. 891. Continental Gin Co., petitioner, v. Murray Company of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 892. Grant Foster et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 896. Junior Lee Williams, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 897. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Washington et al. Motion
to dispense with printing of the petition is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 903. Willis Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Motion to use
the record in No. 954, October Term, 1957, granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 923. Vincent De Niro, petitioner, v. Ohio ex rel. Thomas A.
Beil, Prosecuting Attorney for Mahoning County, Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 278. Aaron D. Frank, appellant, v. State of Maryland;
No. 429. James S. Patterson, General Administrator for Mobile
County, Alabama, etc., Leonard Lester Sullivan, Melvin A. Hays, et
al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 781. Mrs. Wanda Mercer, petitioner, v. Paris Theriot;
No. 794. Sam Title, etc., petitioner, v. United States;
No. 816. Gulf Oil Corp., petitioner, v. International Union of
Operating Engineers, Local No. 715, AFL-CIO;
No. 683, Misc. McCoy Gilmore, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 763, Misc. Bernard Simunich, petitioner, v. Supreme Court
of Illnois et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 362, Misc. Jackie Hightower, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Bibb,
Director of the Department of Public Safety, Springfield, Illinois,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 647, Misc. George Dornblut, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1959
304
No. 691, Misc. Newell Chilton Sells, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 772, Misc. William Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 781, Misc. Esaw Mitchell, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 798, Misc. Fred L. Kephart, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Rock
Island County, Illinois, denied.
No. 811, Misc. Nathaniel Nelson, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Franklin County, denied.
No. 817, Misc. Joseph B. Montalbano, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 819, Misc. John Carroll, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Cali-
fornia, Sacramento County, denied.
No. 846, Misc. Charles L. Jordan, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Recorder's Court for the City of
Detroit, Michigan, denied.
No. 897, Misc. Lewis Wolfe, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 900, Misc. Robert Leventis, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 813, Misc. In the Matter of Disbarment of Harry J. Alker,
Jr. It is ordered that Harry J. Alker, Jr., of Norristown, Penn-
sylvania, be suspended from the practice of the law in this Court and
that a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in
this Court.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 22.
Adjourned until Monday June 22, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
305
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice.
Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
F. Kirk Maddrix, of Silver Spring, Md., Oran H. Waterman, of
Fairfax, Va., Samuel L. Strother, of Wilsonburg, W. Va., Joseph
Michael Hannon, of Boston, Mass., and William Andersen Dougherty,
of White Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Clarence J. Malone, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Alan
Bible; Harold Karp, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert W.
Hemphill; R. Macey Taylor, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
George Huddleston, Jr.; Gordon Albert Craig, of Beaumont, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Jack Brooks; Edmond James Brash, of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; James M. Brown, of Mis-
soula, Mont., on motion of Mr. James E. Murray; Benton L. Temple-
ton, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon; Charles
W. Sherrer, of Prairie Village, Kans., on motion of Mr. Newell A.
George; Rinaldo L. Bianchi, of Washington, D. C., and William O.
Newman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Dean G. Acheson;
Eric Eugene Bergsten, of Evanston, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank G.
Millard; Peter G. Kalogridis, of Winter Haven, Fla., Stanley R.
Sterbenz, of Miami, Fla., Donald A. Lindquist, of New Orleans, La.,
and Vern K. Parrish, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Paul F.
Borden; C. V. Flanary, Jr., of Paris, Tex., and Jno. M. Barron, of
Bryan, Tex., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston; Richard T. Yery,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Lawrence J. Gross; Robert W.
Merrill, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Walter Franklin
Sheble; Grant Reynolds, of White Plains, N.Y., and Harold LeRoy
Wood, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph J. Gannon,
Jr.; Beate Bloch, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Miss Bessie
Margolin; J. Paul Aplington, of La Salle, Ill., and Frederick W.
Irion, of Ottawa, Ill., on motion of Mr. John Melvin Dickerman;
William Mark Wood, of Manhattan Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr.
George E. Reed; H. Fletcher Brown, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Milton K. Eckert; Theodore King Jackson, Jr., of Mobile,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Warren Price, Jr.; Ernest L. Folk III, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles H. Weston; Eugene R.
Jackson, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George M. Johnson;
Philip K. Yonge, of Gainesville, Fla., and James Patrick White, of
480278-59--82

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
306
Iowa City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Orville H. Walburn; Franklin P.
Gould, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Daniel Partridge III;
Gene R. Arnold, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Warren E.
Miller; Carl E. Bagge, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert
Mason Clark; William Raynor Stevens, of Syracuse, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. L. W. Horning; and Maury Maverick, Jr., of San Antonio,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Rudy G. Rice, were admitted to practice.
No. 380. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John R.
Hansen and Shirley G. Hansen. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 381. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Burl P.
Glover. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 512. Clifton E. Baird and Violet L. Baird, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments in
No. 380 and No. 381 reversed and judgment in No. 512 affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 175. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern and Emmett Calvin
Brown, appellants, v. State of Ohio; and
No. 463. Anna H. Morgan, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Ap-
peals from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Appeals dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeals were taken as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is granted. On writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio, judgments reversed as to petitioners Raley,
Brown, and Morgan; judgment affirmed as to petitioner Stern by an
equally divided Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justic Clark with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker join. Mr. Justice Stewart
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 155. Southwestern Sugar and Molasses Co., Inc., petitioner,
v. River Terminals Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to pass
upon the first three assignments of error specified by respondent in its
appeal from the judgment of the District Court. Should resolution
of those issues not dispose of the case, the Court of Appeals is directed
to remand the case to the District Court with instructions to hold it
in abeyance while the parties seek the views of the I.C.C., in any form

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
307
of proceeding which that body may deem appropriate as to the cir-
cumstances bearing on the validity of respondent's exculpatory clause
for further proceedings consist-
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
in the context of this litigation, and
ent with the opinion of this Court.
Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas
would reverse the judgment.
No. 518. The Atlantic Refining Company, Cities Service Produc-
tion Company, Continental Oil Company, et al., petitioners, v. Public
Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island Lighting
Company, et al.; and
No. 536. Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, petitioner, v.
Public Service Commission of the State of New York, Long Island
Lighting Company, et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed with
instructions to remand the applications to the Federal Power Commis-
sion for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 489. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 491. Galax Mirror Company, Incorporated, Mount Airy
Mirror Company and J. A. Messer, Sr., petitioners, v. United States
of America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with
whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice
Douglas join.
No. 252. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Retail Grocers Association, Inc., and Louie J. Speed, Inc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 471. Anthony M. Palermo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan, with whom
Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas
join, concurring in the result.
No. 451. Joel Rosenberg, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
308
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas
join.
No. 573. United States, petitioner, v. 93.970 Acres of Land et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 582. Vincent Joseph Spano, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Brennan join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 435. Harry Lev, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 436. Raymond Wool, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 437. Marvin Rubin, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr.
Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 757. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People, appellant, v. Bennett, Attorney General of Arkansas, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Arkansas. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas for
consideration in light of Harrison v. NAACP, No. 127, October
Term, 1958, decided June 8, 1959. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren
and Mr. Justice Brennan concur.
No. 806. Tommy and Preston Bellew, appellants, v. Mississippi.
Appeal from and on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Mississippi. Appeal dismissed and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari denied. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
309
No. 677, Misc. Lester Cofield, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit, sentence vacated and cause remanded to the District
Court with instructions to allow petitioner to withdraw his plea of
guilty and plead anew. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark and
Mr. Justice Harlan dissent.
No. 830, Misc. Mabel McDaniel et al., appellants, v. D. L. Rose.
Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Eleventh Supreme
Judicial District. Motion to dismiss granted and appeal dismissed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 944. Hershey Mfg. Co., appellant, v. Benjamin S. Adamowski
et al. The motion for injunction is denied.
No. 492. October Term, 1957. Walter W. Flora, petitioner, v.
United States of America. The petition for rehearing is granted and
the case is restored to the docket for reargument and placed on the
summary calendar. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 820. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Jacobsen, Director of the Department of Agriculture of the
State of California, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California; and
No. 857. Flemming, Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare,
appellant, v. Ephram Nestor. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia. Further consideration
of the question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the
cases on the merits.
No. 780. Local Lodge No. 1424, etc., et al., petitioners, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 884. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. City of Louisville et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Police Court of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 911. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Tuscarora
Indian Nation; and
480278-59-83

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
310
No. 921. Power Authority of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Tuscarora Indian Nation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for
oral argument.
No. 878. Michael Berman, etc., petitioner, v. Hewitt S. West, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 899. John M. Kearney, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 900. McCormick & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 901. Ben Jack Cage, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 902. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance Com-
pany of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 905. Donald Patrick McIntyre, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 907. J. H. Schaeffer, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 908. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Co., peti-
tioner, v. Glenn C. Siegrist. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 909. General Retail Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 910. Phoenix Insurance Co., et al., petitioners, v. James D.
Haney et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.
No. 912. Morris Eisenberg et al., petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 913. Joseph L. Sclafani, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 915. William Dorn, Jr., petitioner, v. Balfour, Guthrie & Co.,
Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
311
No. 916. Robert E. Field, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 918. Brewery & Beverage Drivers, Warehousemen & Helpers
Union, Local No. 993, et al., petitioners, v. McLean Distributing Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minne-
sota denied.
No. 919. Atlas Transportation Co., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 920. Lawrence E. Fogarty, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 929. Hugh Bryson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 873. Theodore R. Gibson et al., petitioners, v. Florida Legisla-
tive Investigation Committee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 904. Elrick Rim Co., petitioner, v. Reading Tire Machinery
Co., Inc., et al. Motion by respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 551. Jim DeVries, Electrical Workers Local No. 426 of the
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al., petitioners,
v. Baumgartner's Electric Construction Co.;
No. 812. Joseph Gorska, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad;
No. 824. Ada J. Vant et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Benefit Life In-
surance Co.; and
No. 747, Misc. Charles W. Williams, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 357. American Life and Accident Insurance Company and
Automobile Owners Safety Insurance Company, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 384. Tuscarora Nation of Indians, also known as Tuscarora
Indian Nation, petitioner, v. Power Authority of the State of New
York, Robert Moses and Superintendent of Public Works of the
State of New York, John W. Johnson. Motion to substitute John

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
312
Burch McMorran in the place of John W. Johnson as a party re-
spondent granted. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this motion and application.
No. 749, Misc. Sally Christy, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 803, Misc. Andrew Pitts, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 807, Misc. William Canty, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 808, Misc. Harvey Allen Place, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 822, Misc. Raymond James Yates, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 829, Misc. Walter Spells, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 857, Misc. Francis Marion Black, petitioner, v. The City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Company of Kansas City, Executor of the
Estate of Arthur Geiger Black, Deceased. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 863, Misc. John H. Lee, petitioner, v. Harold V. Langlois,
Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Rhode Island denied.
No. 865, Misc. James Virgil Counts, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 866, Misc. Melvin Willard Schott, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 867, Misc. United States ex rel. William J. Faulkner, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959
313
No. 869, Misc. Martin L. Schmidt, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 870, Misc. Claude H. Morphew, petitioner, v. Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 877, Misc. James Cunningham, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 880, Misc. George J. Davies, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Con-
necticut denied.
No. 899, Misc. Howard Stiehler, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 901, Misc. Jesse James Cantrell, petitioner, v. California
Adult Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 908, Misc. Sherwood G. Harris, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 909, Misc. Jimmy Sonia Bobbitt, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 922, Misc. James Edward Penney, petitioner, v. California
Adult Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 989, Misc. Charles R. Starkweather, petitioner, v. John
Greenholtz, Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 6, Misc. James C. Jones, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Franklin County, and for other relief denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 433, Misc. Emery Lee Downs, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1959.
314
No. 940, Misc. William Corcoran, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 856, Misc. Daisey Lee Kilpatrick, petitioner, v. Honorable
J. L. McCarrey, Jr., District Judge of the District Court. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition and mandamus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 29,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 29, at 12 o'clock.

FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1959
315
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice
Stewart.
No. The County School Board of Prince Edward County, Vir-
ginia, and Thomas J. McIlwaine, Division Superintendent of Schools
for Prince Edward County, Virginia, petitioners, v. Ulysses Allen
et al. The application for a stay of further proceedings in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia is denied.
☑
480278-59-
-84

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
316
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Stewart.
Leonard George Boonin, of New York, N.Y., Anthony Frank Leone,
of Detroit, Mich., and James Thomas Devine, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Joseph Carroll
Golden, of Sparta, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; E. H.
Swaim of Eden, Tex., Clyde J. B. Johnson, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex.,
and Douglas A. Newton, of Del Rio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M.
Kilgore; Gershon S. Miller, of Miami Beach, Fla., and Burnett Roth,
of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dante B. Fascell; Eldon B.
Mahon, of Colorado City, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon;
William A. Helsell, of Seattle, Wash., and Richard S. White, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. C. Emerson Duncan II; William H. Enfield,
of Bentonville, Ark., on motion of Mr. James W. Trimble; Sidney A.
Cohen, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Sidney M. Goldstein;
Luther Smith Gilmer, of Vaiden, Miss., on motion of Mr. Jamie L.
Whitten; Clyde V. Collins, of Enid, Okla., on motion of Mr. Page
Belcher; William Goffen, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Robert H. Reiter; Frank B. Hand, Jr., of Fairfax, Va., on motion of
Mr. Harry C. Ames, Jr.; David L. Holland, of Butte, Mont., on
motion of Mr. B. K. Wheeler; Wilson M. Matthews, of Alexandria,
Va., on motion of Mr. Harold G. Mosier; John J. Howard, Jr., of
Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Edward Overton McCue III; Roy
B. Snapp, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Noble McCartney;
and Peter G. Choulas, of Peekskill, N.Y., on motion of Mr. James G.
Choulas, were admitted to practice.
No. 457. Horace Ingram, L. E. Smith, Mary Law, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed as to petitioners Ingram and Jenkins, and reversed as to
petitioners Smith and Law. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Sepa-
rate opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan, with whom Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Brennan join, concurring in part and dissenting in
part. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
480278-59--85

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
317
No. 394. Kingsley International Pictures Corporation, appellant,
v. The Regents of the University of the State of New York. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment reversed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in
the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom
Mr. Justice Black joins. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Clark con-
curring in the result. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan, with
whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Whittaker join, con-
curring in the result.
No. 414. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. L. L.
Price. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals with direction to affirm the judgment of the United
States District Court for the District of Nevada. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with
whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur.
No. 326. In the Matter of Disciplinary Proceedings against Har-
riet Bouslog Sawyer, petitioner. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed.
Mr. Justice Brennan announced the judgment of the Court and
delivered an opinion in which Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart concurring
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with
whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whit-
taker join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 350. William G. Barr, petitioner, v. Linda A. Matteo and John
J. Madigan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed. Mr.
Justice Harlan announced the judgment of the Court and delivered
an opinion in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Clark, and
Mr. Justice Whittaker join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan in
No. 57 and No. 350. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 57. W. E. Howard, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth T. Lyons and
Joseph S. McAteer. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan in No. 57
and No. 350.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
318
No. 397. Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. George
M. Day, Administrator Ad Litem of the Estate of Charles A. De-
Priest. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey with in-
structions to dismiss the complaint for lack of jurisdiction. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas concur.
No. 248. Farmers Educational and Cooperative Union of America,
North Dakota Division, a Corporation, petitioner, v. WDAY, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Dakota. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with whom Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Jus-
tice Whittaker, and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 180. William L. Greene, petitioner, v. Neil M. McElroy,
Thomas S. Gates, Jr., and Robert B. Anderson. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Harlan, and
Mr. Justice Whittaker concur in the judgment. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring specially. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 504. Charles Allen Taylor, petitioner, v. Neil McElroy, A.
Tyler Port. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of United
States District Court for the District of Columbia vacated and case
remanded to that court with instructions to dismiss the complaint as
moot. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 15, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. States of Michi-
gan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, New York, and Wisconsin.
The motion of Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry for
leave to file brief in Nos. 2, Original, 3, Original, and 4, Original,
as amicus curiae, is granted. The amended application of complain-

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
319
ants for a reopening of the decree of April 21, 1930, in Nos. 2, Origi-
nal, 3, Original, and 4, Original, is granted.
The motion for leave to file a bill of complaint in No. 15, Original,
is granted.
It is ordered that Honorable Albert B. Maris, United States Senior
Circuit Judge, be, and he is hereby, appointed special master in each
of these causes, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas,
and take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem
it necessary to call for. The master is directed to hold hearings with
all convenient speed, and to submit such reports as he may deem neces-
sary.
The master shall be allowed his actual expenses. The allowances to
him, the compensation paid to his technical, stenographic and clerical
assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper ex-
penses, shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such pro-
portion as the Court hereafter may direct. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said :
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 561. United States et al., petitioners, v. Hine Pontiac et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit, judgments reversed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 761. United States, petitioner, v. Colonial Chevrolet Corp. et
al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals, judgments reversed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 944. Hershey Mfg. Co., appellant, v. Benjamin S. Adamowski
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. Judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 7, Misc. Hugo DeGregory, appellant, v. Louis C. Wyman,
Attorney General of the State of New Hampshire. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of New Hampshire. Motion to dismiss granted and
appeal dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr.
Justice Douglas would note probable jurisdiction.
No. 858, Misc. Samuel Kelley, appellant, v. City of Richmond.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Appeal
dismissed. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
320
No. 488. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of
America.
It is ordered that this case be set for reargument at the 1959 Term to
be heard on Thursday, November 19, 1959. Counsel are requested to
address themselves to the following questions among others:
"(1) Is the Membership Clause of the Smith Act, 18 U.S.C. § 2385,
valid under the Constitution of the United States if it be interpreted
to permit a conviction based only on proof that the accused was a
member of a society, group or assembly of persons described in the
Act knowing the purposes thereof?
"(2) If not, is the Membership Clause constitutionally valid if
interpreted as also requiring proof that the membership was accom-
panied by a specific intent of the accused to accomplish those purposes
as speedily as circumstances would permit? Does the Smith Act per-
missibly bear such an interpretation?
"(3) If the Membership Clause would not be constitutionally valid
as interpreted under (1) or (2), would the clause be constitutionally
valid if interpreted as requiring as an element of the crime proof that
the accused was an 'active' member? Does the Smith Act permissibly
bear such an interpretation? If not, and if the clause be valid with-
out such element, does a constitutional application of the Member-
ship Clause depend upon any such requirement, and if so was such a
requirement properly applied by the courts in this case?
"(4) Whether the 'clear and present danger' doctrine, as interpreted
by counsel, has application to the Membership Clause, either with re-
spect to the accused or with respect to the 'society, group, or assembly
of persons' described in the statute. If applicable, whether such doc-
trine was or can now be, properly applied in this case.
"(5) Is § 4(f) of the Internal Security Act, 50 USCA 780, a bar to
the present prosecution? Counsel are requested to discuss the rele-
vance of the registration provisions of that Act to this question."
Two hours are allotted to each side for oral argument.
Mr. Justice Clark:
There are some 13 indictments now pending in the courts awaiting
our disposition of this case, and one being held here on petition for
certiorari.¹ Involved is the validity of the clause in the Smith Act
having to do with membership in the Communist Party.
The case first came here over three years ago. Certiorari was
originally granted on March 26, 1956, 350 U.S. 992. After oral argu-
ment, the case was restored to the docket and ordered to be reargued,
353 U.S. 979. Prior to reargument, the Solicitor General filed a
memorandum suggesting remand for a new trial under our interven-
ing ruling in Jencks v. United States, 353 U.S. 657. This was done,
1 Noto v. United States, No. 564 Misc., this Term.
480278-59-86

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
321
355 U.S. 1. After affirmance of a second conviction, we again granted
certiorari, 358 U.S. 917, and on April 29, 1959, heard oral argument
for the second time.
The Court poses some questions ostensibly for the guidance of coun-
sel at the third argument. None involves the “Jencks question,” so
there must be no doubt in the Court's mind on that issue. In fact
all of the questions posed have been fairly covered by the two argu-
ments already made by capable counsel. All the reargument does is
cause inordinate delay. The case is as ready for disposition now as it
will ever be, and we should not adjourn until it is handed down.
Much has been said of late of the law's delay, and criticism has been
heaped on the courts for it. This case affords a likely Exhibit A. It
looks as if Scales' case, like Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, 2 will go on for-
ever, only for the petitioner to reach his remedy, as did Richard Car-
stone there, through disposition by the Lord.
No. 898. Maryland and Virginia Milk Producers Association, Inc.,
appellant, v. United States; and
No. 942. United States, appellant, v. Maryland and Virginia Milk
Producers Association, Inc. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. Probable jurisdiction is noted.
Cases consolidated and one hour allowed each side for oral argument.
No. 914. United States, appellant, v. James Griggs Raines et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle District
of Georgia. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 948. The Superior Court of the State of Washington for King
County et al., petitioners, v. The State of Washington on the Relation
of Yellow Cab Service, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 828, Misc. Manuel D. Talley, petitioner, v. California. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior Court
of California, County of Los Angeles, granted and case transferred
to the appellate docket.
No. 608, Misc. Thomas W. Nelson and Arthur Globe, petitioners,
v. County of Los Angeles et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
2 Bleak House, Charles Dickens.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
322
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, granted and
case transferred to the appellate docket. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 731, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. United
States. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 888. John W. Arnold, petitioner, v. Ben Kanowsky, Inc. Mo-
tion of respondent to dispense with printing of record and briefs
granted.
No. 989, Misc. Charles R. Starkweather, petitioner, v. John
Greenholtz, Acting Warden. Motion for leave to withdraw petition
for rehearing because of mootness granted.
No. 799. William H. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 893. Michele Miranda, petitioner, v. Commission of Investi-
gation of the State of New York;
No. 935. Joseph Riccobono, petitioner, v. Commission of Investi-
gation of the State of New York; and
No. 940. Paul Castellano, petitioner, v. Commission of Investiga-
tion of the State of New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 922. Michele Marchese, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 924. Robert H. Reddick, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 925. 3963 Bottles, more or less, etc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 932. Gibson-Stewart Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Wm. Bros.
Boiler and Manufacturing Company, etc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
323
No. 933. Allied Newspaper Carriers of New Jersey et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Evening News Publishing Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 936. Blum Vestal Johnson and Commie Allen Johnson, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 937. Diana K. Powell, petitioner, v. The Washington Post
Company and James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 941. The Honorable J. Sam Perry, Judge, etc., petitioner, v.
Ross M. Madden, Regional Director, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 946. James T. Yszara, petitioner, v. State Farm Mutual Auto-
mobile Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 947. United States ex rel. Felicitas A. Driscoll, petitioner, v.
Judges of the Missouri Supreme Court. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 950. John W. McGrath Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Thomas F. Hughes, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 953. Anna Bedno et al., Doing Business Under the Assumed
Name, Designation and Style of King Optical Company, petitioners,
v. Dan B. Fast et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 955. Midwestern Instruments, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 956. A. Crawford Greene and Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust
Co., etc., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 957. United States Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. John
Giguere. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 959. L. Bryan Bergeson, petitioner, v. Life Insurance Corpo-
ration of America, a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
324
No. 960. United States Dredging Corporation, petitioner, v. Julia
Nora McMahon Krohmer, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 962. Chris Law, petitioner, v. United Fruit Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 966. John Kasper, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 967. Sherry Corine Corp., petitioner, v. Mitchell, Secretary of
Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 970. Kahn Engineering Co., Inc., petitioner, v. American Se-
curity & Trust Company, a Banking Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 972. Cities Service Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. The City
of New York and the New York City Transit Authority. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 996. O. B. Ellis, Director, Texas Board of Corrections, peti-
tioner, v. Edward Morgan MacKenna. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1009. Robert Higham, Harry Kaugman, Abraham Schwartz,
et al., petitioners, v. William J. Gaw, Joseph Sammartino and Joseph
L. Carelly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Arthur L. Harris, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file second supplemental memorandum in support
of petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 927. Raymond Pae, petitioner, v. Ruth Lehua Stevens et al.
Motion to dispense with printing of petition granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 398. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Thibodaux;
No. 787. State Athletic Commission, appellant, v. Joseph Dorsey,
Jr.;
No. 800. Adolph C. Burger, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 803. In the Matter of Sidney Sarner, appellant;

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
325
No. 861. Josephine Daviditis, et al., petitioners, v. National Bank
of Mattoon et al.;
No. 537, Misc. James Clark, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 613, Misc. Frank Mullen and Mary Mullen, by their Next
Friend and Mother, Carolyn Mullen, petitioners, v. District of
Columbia;
No. 711, Misc. Maude M. Jones, petitioner, v. Commissioners of
the District of Columbia;
No. 740, Misc. Connie Wilkins, Jr., petitioner, v. United States;
No. 761, Misc. Teresa M. Smith, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission, etc., et al.;
No. 776, Misc. Daniel Curry, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 921, Misc. Henry M. Griffith, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 745. Paul De Lucia, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 589, Misc. Charlotte L. Worley, Admx. and C. H. Worley,
Jr., petitioners, v. Ross V. Dunn, Trustee of National Specialty Co.,
Inc., Bankrupt, et al. Motion for leave to file second petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 407, Misc. William Reece Johnston and Fred Charles Riley,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 706, Misc. Joseph Baker, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 745, Misc. Edgar Allan Gallegos and Gloria Gallegos, also
known as Ana Gloria Sasso Valdivieso, petitioners, v. Richard C.
Hoy, as District Director for the Los Angeles District, Immigration
and Naturalization Service, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 760, Misc. Mrs. Elizabeth Frances Futch, petitioner, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 791, Misc. Clair Daniel Pitts, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
326
No. 833, Misc. Gene Streeter, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 835, Misc. Mrs. Rae K. Alpar, petitioner, v. Perpetual Build-
ing Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 837, Misc. William Wilson, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 838, Misc. James Vernon Vassar, petitioner, v. Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 843, Misc. James N. Lewis, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 845, Misc. Richard A. Cleary, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 850, Misc. Russell Wayne Carpenter, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 851, Misc. United States ex rel. Ed Eugene Jones, petitioner,
v. Elbert V. Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 852, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 855, Misc. Raymond John Wagner, Anthony Joseph Cam-
biano and Donald Vandergrift, petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 859, Misc. George Vega-Murrillo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 864, Misc. CamBridge L. McMorris, petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Common Pleas of Pennsylvania, Westmoreland County, denied.
No. 872, Misc. Wilbur Horne, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 873, Misc. Julius Rose, petitioner, v. Edward J. Quigley,
Postmaster. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
327
No. 878, Misc. Leslie LeRoy Johnson, petitioner, v. John E. Ben-
nett, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Lee County, Iowa, denied.
No. 879, Misc. Dominick Tribote, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 881, Misc. Matthew Jackson, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 884, Misc. Lawrence Valek, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 887, Misc. Frank Becton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 888, Misc. United States ex rel. Robert R. Hyde, petitioner, v.
J. Edwin Lavallee, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 891, Misc. Albert L. Cantrell, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 892, Misc. John Merrill, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 896, Misc. Renford Markle Keener, Jr., petitioner, v. D. E.
Adams, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 898, Misc. Jesse Del Bono, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 902, Misc. In the Matter of Rudolph La Manna, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 903, Misc. Gilbert J. Stinchcomb, petitioner, v. California et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 906, Misc. John E. Baldwin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 910, Misc. Judson Broadus-Bey, petitioner, v. Dr. Murray A.
Diamond. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
328
No. 912, Misc. Samuel Barnes, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 915, Misc. Joshaway Jackson, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 916, Misc. Clarence T. Ross, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 917, Misc. Adam C. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 923, Misc. Charles Evan Turville, Jr., petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 928, Misc. Otis Loper, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 937, Misc. Laurence M. Banks, petitioner, v. Frank C. Johns-
ton, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 954, Misc. William Ralph Armstrong and Cam Riser
(Risher) Holder, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 735, Misc. Jesse McWhorter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 825, Misc. James Benjamin Grace, Joe Willie Johnson, et al.,
petitioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied without prejudice to an application
for writ of habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District
Court.
No. 893, Misc. Donald Hicks, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and for other relief denied.
No. 919, Misc. John A. Conway, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson,
Warden;

MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1959
329
No. 924, Misc. John C. Brinson, petitioner, v. Fred T. Wilkinson,
Warden;
No. 934, Misc. Fred J. Odell, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden;
No. 938, Misc. United States ex rel. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v.
Edward M. Fay, Warden;
No. 947, Misc. Virgil Gilson, alias Buzz Gilson, petitioner, v.
Lawrence P. Keenan, Warden, et al.; and
No. 948, Misc. George Triantafillos, petitioner, v. Donald C.
Clemmer et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 688, Misc. Harrison Clifford Hunt, petitioner, v. Harry C.
Tinsley, Warden; and
No. 885, Misc. George B. Broadus, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director of the Department of Corrections, District of Columbia, et
al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
No. 875, Misc. Burton R. Landes, petitioner, v. Robert Anderson,
Secretary of the Treasury. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus denied.
No. 895, Misc. Alvin Gershenson, petitioner, v. Pierson M. Hall,
Judge, United States District Court for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia. The motion of Charles Resnik for leave to intervene as co-
petitioner, and for other relief, denied. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus denied.
Pursuant to the provisions of Title 28, U.S.C. § 42, It is ordered
that Mr. Justice Brennan be, and he is hereby, temporarily assigned
to the Second Circuit as Circuit Justice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х