I
OCTOBER TERM, 1962
STATISTICS
704-47
Original Appellate
Appellate Miscella-
Total
neous
Number of cases on dockets____
Cases disposed of __
Remaining on dockets ___
15
57
1, 182
1,627
2,824
972
1, 371
2,350
8
210
256
474
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions-----
By per curiam opinions or orders__
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merits cases) ----
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinions____
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_.
By denial or withdrawal of other applications.
By granting of other applications__
By per curiam dismissal of appeals___
By other per curiam opinions or orders-
By transfer to Appellate Docket---.
129
153
0
690
0
1,086
156
7
34
65
23
Number of written opinions__.
Number of printed per curiam opinions.
Number of petitions for certiorari granted ---
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned_____
Number of admissions to bar……
110
19
115
36
2,682
REFERENCE INDEX
Court convened October 1, 1962 and adjourned June 17, 1963.
Frankfurter, J., Announcement of retirement (August 28, 1962)
and correspondence thereon (October 1, 1962).
Goldberg, J., Commission read and oaths taken (October 1,
1962) (President Kennedy attended ceremony) -
Harlan, J., Temporarily assigned to USCA-9 for consideration
of one matter (No journal entry. Order of C.J. of June 25,
1963).
Page
1
6

4
II
Reed, J., Designated and assigned to USCA-DC_____.
Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Claims___
Burton, J., Designated and assigned to USCA-DC______
Court recessed from noon until 2 p.m. to attend Joint Session
of Congress to hear President's address on the State of the
Union, adjourning at 4 p.m. (January 14, 1963).
Allotment order (October 15, 1962)-
Argument by Attorney General Kennedy for U.S. as amicus
curiae in Georgia "County Unit" case (112) (January 17,
1963)_
RULES:
Rule 61 promulgated covering proceedings from Supreme
Court of Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
Rules of Civil Procedure amended (Rules amended 4, 5,
6, 7, 12, 13, 14, 15, 24, 25, 26, 28, 30, 41, 49, 50, 52, 56, 58,
71A, 77, 79, 81 and 86. Forms amended 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 18, 21, 22-A and 22-B. New forms
adopted 30, 31 and 32.) (Promulgated January 21, 1963,
transmitted to Congress January 21, 1963) (Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent 184) ----
Order amending Rule 86 of Rules of Civil Procedure to fix
effective date of prior amendments as July 1, 1963-----
APPEALS:
12103
Appeal First appeal from USCA treated as petition for
certiorari under 28 U.S.C. I as amended (122) ….
Appeal from USDC dismissed for want of jurisdiction
(592)
Pago
8
82
8
150
59
158
324
164
235
10
152
Motion to affirm in one case granted and judgment common
to both cases affirmed (985-1050) –
350
Appeals from USDC dismissed as order not appealable
under 28 U.S.C. 1253 (688-689) --
358
ARGUMENTS:
Practice in making journal entries on oral arguments in
consolidated cases changed so as to show counsel for all
parties on one side of cases arguing for that particular
side (108-109-110–125) --
Argument pro hac vice (40, 283, 506) ----
219
60, 157, 286
Motion to remove from summary calendar granted (464,
631)
222, 256
Motion to remove from summary calendar denied (11,26) – 49,380
No appearance for appellee (case argued by appellant)
(506)
286

III
ARGUMENTS—Continued
Motion to advance denied (1011) --
Pago
320
Joint motion to postpone argument granted in view of
possibility of mootness (271)—subsequently dismissed- 193, 374
Cases restored for reargument (164, 26) -----
298,320
Motion for leave to argue as amicus curiae denied (80,
74, 90, 162
62, 332)
Motion of Solicitor General for leave to argue as amicus
curiae granted without indicating party supported. 15
minutes additional allowed each side. (150) --
Leave to file brief amicus curiae, granted, but leave to
argue denied (403) --
Argument directed upon grant of certiorari to question of
whether judgment is supported by adequate state grounds
(585)
162
255
265
Case removed from regular calendar and placed on sum-
mary calendar where party seeking to intervene requested
time to argue (403) __.
380
Counsel filing motion to substitute permitted to file briefs
and argue in support of motion and on merits at time of
hearing on merits (403) -
ATTORNEYS:
380
13, 14, 75, 380
Counsel appointed (57, 201, 202, 489, 491–494, 1135,
1170)
Suspension of right to practice and rule to show cause
issued. Resignation submitted and accepted. Rule to
show cause discharged. (573 Misc.-Brodstein)
Suspension of right to practice, rule to show cause and dis-
barment (598 Misc.-Gately) -
Disbarment order (53 Misc.-Chopak) --
-----
Petition to vacate order of disbarment and reinstate order
of suspension denied (23 Misc., O.T. 1959-Alker) -
Motion for leave to withdraw appearance granted (661,
97-98-99, 403).
13, 75
50, 110
67
109
162, 192, 193
Motion for allowance of attorney's (not appointed) trans-
portation expenses denied (34) --
264
Motion to amend attorneys' roll to show change of name
granted (Zavin) ---
332
Motions for appointment of counsel to prepare petitions
for certiorari denied (six cases) --
350

IV
ATTORNEYS-Continued
Motion for appointment of counsel to prepare petition for
certiorari denied (Oppenheimer v. California). At
this time Clerk was directed to follow policy of advis-
ing litigants that the Court would not appoint counsel
to assist indigent litigants in preparing petitions for
certiorari
Postmaster General J. Edward Day admitted to practice__
BRIEFS:
Motion to strike matter from appendix to brief denied
(119) …….
Page
380
371
192
Motion to strike respondent's brief denied (563) --
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief denied as un-
timely (Motion submitted three days before argument)
(119–142)
198
212
255
Motion to be "heard" as amicus curiae, denied (403) ---
CERTIORARI:
Action on Thursday with execution set for Friday (348
Misc.)---
Action on Friday in view of imminence of death penalty—
not announced until 9 p.m. in view of pendency of
ancillary proceedings in USDC (1293 Misc.) -
Action on Friday in view of imminence of date of execution
(765 Misc., 1061 Misc., 1414 Misc.).
Denied in light of representation of respondent that relief
sought would be granted upon proper application below
(596 Misc.)
64
252
106, 209, 370
Denied, "Court having duly noted the undertaking of the
Solicitor General that the Government will not contest
the vacation of petitioner's adult commitment if a motion
under 28 U.S.C. 2255 is filed in the sentencing court" (20
Misc.)
Writ dismissed in per curiam (133). Thereafter rehear-
ing granted, dismissal vacated, and judgment below va-
cated
340
70
151,277
Writ dismissed as improvidently granted after argument—
without prejudice to application for federal habeas
corpus relief under 28 U.S.C. 2241 after exhaustion of any
state remedies still open to petitioner (667) -----
Writ dismissed as improvidently granted as to one of two
judgments covered by one petition for certiorari—judg-
ment reversed as to other judgment (70) ---
306
260

CERTIORARI-Continued
Motion to dismiss writ denied (140) _
Motion to dismiss petition for certiorari granted where pe-
tition had been filed by unauthorized party and not by
State Attorney General (398) --
Grant limited to the "point of law raised" in a cited case
(211 Misc.) --
Grant limited to certain enumerated question (463, 476) --
Limited grant but question spelled out in view of possibility
of ancillary question presented by footnote in petition
(332).
Motion to supplement petition granted where original pe-
tition was filed before judgment and CA subsequently de-
cided case (430) --
Motion of one petitioner to withdraw from joint petition
for certiorari granted in opinion affirming judgment
(493)
Motion to amend petition granted (422) --
Motion to supplement petition granted (783 Misc.) -----
Motion to consider an "out of time" petition for certiorari
state. No action taken on motion but petition for cer-
tiorari granted (374 Misc.) -
Motion to defer consideration of petition denied (467) ----
Granted in per curiam opinion and judgment affirmed
"Featherbedding Case" (730) -
Denied as not "timely filed" (Petitioner attempted to re-
vive "out of time" case by securing leave to file petition
for rehearing for that purpose in CA (713).
Dissenting opinion from denial (Black, J., 824) --
COSTS AND DAMAGES:
Motion of petitioner (sole stockholder in corporation) for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis, denied (267) --
Motion for damages denied (346)--
Motion of corporation for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris denied (No. - Flora Construction Co. v. NLRB)-
Costs and interest allowed upon typewritten request against
U.S. in admiralty case under 46 U.S.C. 743 and 782 (65) –
Page
90
90
100
123
75
50
349
102
299
131
113
221
243
333
25
136
242
380
698-781-63-2

EXTRAORDINARY WRITS:
VI
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and
petition for writ of mandamus granted (no formal writ
issued) (139 Misc.)
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
"transferred" to USDC under 28 U.S.C. 2241(b) and
Rule 31 (5) (213 Misc.) -----
Habeas corpus denied but treated as certiorari and
granted judgment vacated (37 Misc., 810 Misc., 979
Misc.)
Page
48
133
279, 378, 379
Petition for stay and dissolution of state court injunction
denied (Salter v. City of Jackson).
Motion for leave to file certiorari denied, but treating
papers as petition for certiorari (28 U.S.C. 1257), cer-
tiorari granted and judgment vacated (872 Misc.)
Motion for certificate of probable cause denied with opinion
(Harlan, J. in Rosoto v. California-June 25, 1963) (no
journal entry).
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES:
Judgments:
Judgment announced (53)--
_
Affirmed (USDC) by equally divided court (97–98–
99)
Affirmed (CA) by equally divided court (25).
Affirmed (CA) on petition for certiorari (324)
Affirmed (CA) in per curiam opinion on granting of
petition for certiorari (730) --
Affirmed in part and reversed in part (CA) with
remand to CA with directions to return case to Tax
Court for further proceedings in light of opinion
(80)
Affirmed (CA) as to dismissal of one party-reversed
370
378
356
318
89
66
221
189
260,261
as to other parties, and remanded to CA with direc-
tions to remand to USDC with instructions to dis-
miss (31-115, 51) ----
Affirmed (USDC) except insofar as modified to re-
flect change in federal procurement policy noted
in opinion and vacated insofar as it relates to pur-
chases and sales from nonappropriated funds (19) -- 150
Writ dismissed as improvidently granted as to one of
two judgments covered by one petition for certi-
orari-judgment reversed as to other judgment (70) -
260

VII
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Decision of state court approved in part but case
retained on calendar and set for reargument on
question of remedy. No mandate issued. (368) -
Recalled (S.C.) and amended so as to tax costs and
interest against the U.S. in admiralty case (65) ----
Recalled (S.C.) and vacated on motion, and new judg-
ment remanding case to CA entered (222).
Motion to recall presented to individual justice, and
by him referred to Court, denied (400 O.T. 1961) --
Motion to recall and amend judgment to provide for
remand to CA rather than USDC granted (222) --
Motion to recall and amend denied (282 O.T. 1961)--
Reversed on petition for certiorari:
(CA) (528)
(State) (690) ---
Reversed on jurisdictional statement:
(State) (274) ----
(USDC) (128, 162)
Page
348
380
193
40
193
13
152
211
12
11
--
73
Reversed (CA) insofar as it relates to counterclaim and
remanded to CA for further proceedings (46)
Reversed (CA) insofar as it set aside interim order
of FPC; otherwise affirmed and remanded to CA for
proceedings in conformity with opinion (48-50)----
Reversed (CA) and remanded to CA with directions to
grant petitioner's motion to add members of Parole
Board as respondents and proceed to decision on
merits (77) -
---
Reversed (CA) and remanded to CA with instructions
to remand to two separate USDC's (217).
Reversed (CA) and remanded to USDC for a hearing
consistent with the opinion of this Court (202) ---
Reversed (State) and remanded for consideration "in
light of subsequent developments" (Respondent's
supplemental brief filed two days before argument
made certain concessions as to sanity of petitioner
and during argument such concessions were con-
firmed) (511).
108
151
349
297
241
Reversed (State) on representations of appellee that
ordinance was unconstitutional (532).
Reversed (USDC) and remanded for entry of ap-
330
propriate decree in accordance with opinion (438) --
373

VIII
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Reversed (USDC) in part and remanded for further
proceedings in conformity with opinion (40) -----
Reversed (USDC) and remanded with instructions to
enter order enjoining, annulling and setting aside
order of ICC and remanding case to ICC for further
proceedings consistent with opinion (27-28) ______
Reversed (USDC) and remanded for new trial limited
to appellants' claim that state statute unreasonably
burdens or discriminates against interstate com-
merce. Cross-appeal from same judgment affirmed
(45-49)
Reversed (USDC) and remanded with directions to
enter judgment enjoining proposed merger (83) --
Vacated on jurisdictional statement (USDC) (367) --
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA for reconsideration
in light of recent opinion of this Court (49 Misc.) --
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA with instructions
to remand to USDC for dismissal of complaint in
light of opinion in companion case decided same
date. (91-93) --
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA so that petitioner's
appeal may be heard on its merits (435) --
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA for hearing in
which petitioner is to be accorded opportunity to
present oral argument, either personally or through
counsel, on merits to same extent as such opportunity
is accorded to U.S. Attorney (98 Misc.) -----
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC, upon sugges-
tion of U.S., for reconsideration of request for trans-
cript (694 Misc.) ---
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC for considera-
tion in light of recent opinion (222)----
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC for expeditious
action consistent with opinion (251) ----
Vacated (CA) on motion after case had been settled
after granting of certiorari-remanded to USDC
with directions to dismiss as moot (419) ----
Vacated (CA) on suggestion of mootness and re-
manded to USDC with directions to dismiss com-
plaint as moot (271) __.
Page
108
108
306
373
74
49
190
130
12
376
109
191
228
374

IX
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC with directions
to dismiss indictment upon suggestion of U.S.
(515, 516)_
Page
255
Vacated (CA and USDC) and case remanded to
USDC (631)----
329
Vacated (CA and USDC) and remanded to USDC for
entry of appropriate orders for prisoner's discharge
from custody unless within a reasonable time State
provides appeal to Supreme Court of State from
denial of coram nobis (283)_.
Vacated (State) on petition for certiorari (399) ----
Motion to vacate and remand (State) on petition de-
nied (145)
Vacated (State) on petition for certiorari and re-
manded for further consideration in light of recent
opinion and for such "other appropriate proceedings
as may be available under state law for resolution
of constitutional claim" (18 Misc.) --
Vacated (State) on proof of death (death certificate
furnished by respondent) and remanded "for such
proceedings as that court may deem appropriate"
(13 Misc. 24 Misc.) --
Vacated (State) on execution of state prisoner and case
remanded for appropriate proceedings. On petition
for rehearing, order vacating judgment set aside
and petition for writ of certiorari dismissed
(729 Misc.).
227
228
24
20
67
49
152, 224
Vacated (State) and remanded for hearing on issue
of whether petitioner was denied counsel at time
of plea (754 Misc.).
Vacated (USDC) on jurisdictional statement and re-
manded for reconsideration in light of recent opinion
(367)
Vacated (USDC) on suggestion of mootness and re-
manded with directions to dismiss complaint (82) --
Vacated (USDC) and remanded with directions to
dismiss complaint as moot (904).
Vacated (USDC) and remanded with instructions to
remand to ICC with directions to set aside its order
to the extent that it related to certain railroad TOFC
rates described therein and for further proceedings
in conformity with opinion (108-109-110-125) -----
359
74
14
375
276

✗
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Judgments vacated (USDC) where Court desired to
affirm two of three cases but directed USDC to
modify and enter new decree in third case (42,
43, 44)
Opinions:
Motion to clarify and for other relief denied (7 Misc.,
and 63 O.T. 1961) _____
Appeal dismissed as moot, per curiam (559) ---
Page
73
3
13
135
Per curiam opinion denying petition for rehearing
(479)
210
Opinion amended (45-49).
331
Opinion amended without order of Court (8)
Mandate:
ORIGINAL CASES:
Motion to stay issuance of mandate denied (346)__
136
Special Master appointed (Judge Walter A. Huxman)
(13 Orig.)
211
Special Master discharged (10 Orig.) --
136
Report of Special Master received, approved and ordered
filed (10 Orig.)….
136
Report of Special Master adopted with exceptions noted
in opinion (8 Orig.) -
349
Motion of State of Florida to intervene referred to Special
Master for report and recommendation (13 Orig.) ----
Motion of corporation to intervene denied (13 Orig.)..
Motion of State of Illinois to intervene denied (13 Orig.) --
Motion for leave to file bill of complaint granted and de-
fendant allowed sixty days to answer (12 Orig., 13
Orig.)
Bill of complaint dismissed in per curiam opinion (12
Orig.).
Motion for leave to file complaint denied (15 Orig.)---
Bill of complaint dismissed on recommendation of Special
Master and suggestion of parties that case had been set-
tled (10 Orig.).
211
211
281
13,67
297
330
136
Original action advanced for argument on motion (12
Orig.)
192
Time for filing petition for rehearing and for submission
of proposed decree extended (8 Orig.)_.
380

XI
PARTIES:
Motion to be named party petitioner denied (time had ex-
pired and party attempted to join pending timely pe-
tition) (88) ---
Motion to be added as a party respondent granted (400) --
Motion to substitute administratrix of convicted state pris-
oner granted but appeal dismissed (200) --
Motion to substitute state officers granted. This led to in-
structions from Court to make such substitutons without
presenting motion to Court (5)-
Page
14
92
73
74
Motion to correct title and caption granted (445) --
Motion of U.S. to be named a party respondent granted
135
(661)
198
Further consideration of motion to substitute postponed to
hearing on merits (403) __.
331
RECORDS:
Motion to strike portions of designation of record denied
(155)
Motion to supplement granted where petition was filed be-
fore judgment and CA subsequently decided case (430) --
Rules 26 and 36 suspended and parties directed to proceed
on certified record (574) ----
Motion for leave to supplement granted (739 Misc.) --
REHEARINGS:
Rehearing denied after the case had been argued and
decided by opinion in prior term where it was shown
that appellant had died 10 days prior to filing of
case (3 dissents and one Justice not participating)
(554 O.T. 1961) –
Action on Friday in view of imminence of death sentence
(743 Misc.)
49
50
130
215
93
209
Denied in per curiam opinion (479) --.
210
Denied "after consideration of petitioner's reply brief"
(566 Misc.)
215
Upon rehearing per curiam opinion withdrawn and petition
for certiorari dismissed on suggestion that petitioner
had been executed (729 Misc.).
Rehearing granted and order dismissing writ vacated-
judgment vacated and case remanded (USDC) for fur-
ther proceedings (133) --
224
277

XII
STAYS AND BAIL:
Stay:
Motions to vacate stay granted by the Chief Justice
denied (797)
Order suspending call of calendar entered April 29, 1963; argu-
ments completed April 30, 1963___.
Order as to sessions amended.
Order fixing adjournment date (June 10, 1963) -
Final order June 17, 1963___
Page
229
301, 302
301
369
402
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE:1963

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
The Chief Justice said:
"With the concurrence of my colleagues, I announce with regret the
retirement of Mr. Justice Frankfurter who has served this Court with
distinction for the past 24 years.
"All of us, with the exception of Mr. Justice White, have had the
pleasure of serving for years with him, and we exceedingly regret that
the condition of his health compelled his retirement. We are recon-
ciled to the situation, however, by the opinion of his doctor that if he
is relieved of his arduous Court work he will still have years of use-
fulness to the profession to which he has been devoted for 60 years.
We look forward to such a speedy and complete recovery because he
has so much to give from his vast experience.
"As scholar, teacher, public servant, enlightened critic, and member
of this Court for almost a quarter of a century, he has already made a
contribution to our jurisprudence rarely equalled in the life of our
Court. Through each of these facets of his long and notable career, he
looms large in the history of our country and we, his colleagues, have
been the most favored beneficiaries of his wisdom and his fellowship.
These we may continue to enjoy because our association with him is not
ended. It will continue unabated in another form.
"Our appreciation of that association and for his great service to
the Court is amplified in a letter to him which, with his response and
the exchange of letters between him and the President on the occasion
of his retirement, will be spread upon the Minutes of the Court."
650278-62-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
CHAMBERS OF
THE CHIEF JUSTICE
September 27, 1962
2
Honorable FELIX FRANKFURTER,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Retired,
Washington, D.C.
DEAR JUSTICE FRANKFURTER:
As the opening day of our 1962 Term approaches, it becomes in-
creasingly difficult for all of us to realize that you will not be in your
accustomed chair, which you filled with such distinction and in such
good fellowship with your colleagues for almost a quarter of a cen-
tury.
All of us, except Mr. Justice White, our newest member, have served
with you for years and we, more than any others, will feel the loss
that comes from your retirement. We regret the necessity for it, but
we reluctantly accept your decision because your doctor has told you
and us that if this course is pursued there will be opened to you new
avenues of usefulness to the profession to which you dedicated your-
self 60 years ago.
Every one of those years was an eventful year for you as you
strained every fiber of your mind and body to the administration of
justice and to the welfare of the Court. Few men in the life of the
Supreme Court have made contributions to its jurisprudence equal
to your own. As a scholar, teacher, critic, public servant, and a mem-
ber of the Court for 24 Terms, you have woven your philosophy of law
and your conception of our institutions into its annals where all may
read them and profit thereby.
Your retirement does not end our association. It merely changes
the form of it. You will always be one of us, and after rest and relaxa-
tion from the rigors of the Court work restore you to health, we look
forward to years of continued happy association with you. In the
meantime, our best wishes for a rapid recovery will always be with
you.
Sincerely,
EARL WARREN.
HUGO L. BLack.
WM. O. DOUGLAS.
TOM C. CLARK.
JOHN M. HARLAN.
WM. J. BRENNAN, JR.
POTTER STEWART.
BYRON R. WHITE.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, D.C.
3
CHAMBERS OF
JUSTICE FELIX FRANKFURTER
MY DEAR BRETHREN:
September 28, 1962
It would be unnatural for me not to address you thus, although
you have been apprised that I have advised the President of my
decision to retire as of August 28th, under the appropriate provisions
of law, as an active member of the Court. I still address you as I
do, for the endeavors which the business of the Court entails in the
daily intimacy of our association have forged bonds of fellowship
which cannot be abruptly severed. The final manifestation of your
fraternal feelings toward me, your letter of September 27th, your
generous words of farewell, are a cheering close to our uniformly
happy curial relations over the years, and I shall enduringly cherish
your moving letter. Retiring from active membership on the Court
of itself would involve a wrench in my life, but the fact is that I
have served the Court in one professional way or another almost from
the day that I ceased to be a law student, not merely during the years
that I have actually been on the Bench.
My years on the Court have only deepened my conviction that its
existence and functioning according to its best historic traditions are
indispensable for the well-being of the nation. The nature of the is-
sues which are involved in the legal controversies that are inevitable
under our constitutional system does not warrant the nation to expect
identity of views among the members of the Court regarding such is-
sues, nor even agreement on the routes of thought by which decisions
are reached. The nation is merely warranted in expecting harmony of
aims among those who have been called to the Court. This means
pertinacious pursuit of the processes of Reason in the disposition of
the controversies that come before the Court. This presupposes in-
tellectual disinterestedness in the analysis of the factors involved in
the issues that call for decision. This in turn requires rigorous self-
scrutiny to discover, with a view to curbing, every influence that may
deflect from such disinterestedness.
I have spent happy years in my fellowship with you and I carry
away the abiding memory of years of comradeship in grappling with
problems worthy of the best in fallible men.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
4
My best wishes for happy, long years for each of you and continued
satisfying labors, and every good wish that the Court may continue
its indispensable role in the evolution of our beloved nation.
With the happiest memories, I am
Sincerely and faithfully yours,
FELIX FRANKFURTER.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE AND ASSOCIATE JUSTICES
OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
CHAMBERS OF
WASHINGTON, 25, D.C.
JUSTICE FELIX FRANKFURTER
August 28, 1962
MY DEAR MR. PRESIDENT:
Pursuant to the provisions of 28 U.S.C. Section 371 (b), 68 Stat. 12,
I hereby retire at the close of this day from regular active service as
an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The occasion for my retirement arises from the affliction which I
unexpectedly suffered last April. Since then I have undergone sub-
stantial improvement. High expectations were earlier expressed by
my doctors that I would be able to resume my judicial duties with the
beginning of the next Term of the Court, commencing October 1.
However, they now advise me that the stepped-up therapy essential to
that end involves hazards which might jeopardize the useful years
they anticipate still lie ahead of me.
The Court should not enter its new Term with uncertainty as to
whether I might later be able to return to unrestricted duty. To retain
my seat on the basis of a diminished work schedule would not comport
with my own philosophy or with the demands of the business of the
Court. I am thus left with no choice but to regard my period of active
service on the Court as having run its course.
I need hardly tell you, Mr. President, of the reluctance with which
I leave the institution whose concerns have been the absorbing interest
of my life. May I again convey to you my gratitude for your call
upon me during the summer and for the solicitude you were kind
enough to express.
With high respect and esteem,
Faithfully yours,
THE PRESIDENT,
The White House,
Washington, D.C.
FELIX FRANKFURTER.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON
August 28, 1962
MY DEAR MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER:
20
5
Your retirement from regular active service on the Supreme Court
ends a long and illustrious chapter in your life, and I understand well
how hard a choice you have made. Along with all your host of friends
I have followed with admiration your gallant and determined recovery,
and I have shared the general hope that you would return soon to
the Court's labors. From my own visit I know of your undiminished
spirit and your still contagious zest for life. That you now take the
judgment of the doctors and set it sternly against your own demanding
standard of judicial effectiveness is characteristic, but it comes as an
immediate disappointment.
Still, if you allow it, I will say that there is also consolation in your
decision. I believe it good for you as well as for the rest of us that
you should now be free, in reflective leisure, for activities that are im-
possible in the demanding life of a Justice of the Supreme Court.
You have been part of American public life for well over half a cen-
tury. What you have learned of the meaning of our country is re-
flected, of course, in many hundreds of opinions, in thousands of your
students, and in dozens of books and articles. But you have a very
great deal still to tell us, and therefore I am glad to know that the
doctors are telling you, in effect, not to retire, but only to turn to a
new line of work, with new promise of service to the nation.
Meanwhile, I should like to offer to Mrs. Frankfurter and to you,
for myself and for all Americans, our respectful gratitude for the
character, courage, learning and judicial dedication with which you
have served your country over the last twenty-three years.
Sincerely,
JOHN KENNEDY.
The Honorable FELIX FRANKFURTER,
Associate Justice,
Supreme Court of the United States,
Washington, D.C.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
The Chief Justice said:
6
"We are fortunate, however, that his successor was appointed to
fill the vacancy before the opening of our 1962 Term. We welcome
him today.
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has ap-
pointed the Honorable Arthur J. Goldberg of Illinois, former Secre-
tary of Labor, an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Justice
Goldberg has taken the Constitutional Oath administered by the
Chief Justice. He is now present in Court. The Clerk will read his
commission. He will then take the Judicial Oath, to be administered
by the Clerk, after which the Marshal will escort him to his seat on
the Bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"JOHN F. KENNEDY,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"To All Who Shall See These Presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness and Learning of Arthur J. Goldberg of Illinois, I
have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and do authorize and empower him to execute and fulfill the
duties of that Office according to the Constitution and Laws of the
said United States, and to have and to hold the said office, with all the
powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of right appertaining,
unto Him, the said Arthur J. Goldberg, during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington, this twenty-eighth day of Sep-
tember, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and sixty-
two, and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and eighty-seventh.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"ROBERT F. KENNEDY,
"Attorney General."
"JOHN F. KENNEDY.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the bench.
The oaths taken by Mr. Justice Goldberg are in the following words,
viz:
"I, Arthur J. Goldberg, do solemnly swear that I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
7
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to
the same;
that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reser-
vation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
"So help me God.
"ARTHUR J. GOLDBERG.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this first day of October A.D.
1962.
"EARL WARREN,
"Chief Justice."
"I, Arthur J. Goldberg, do solemnly swear that I will administer
justice without respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and
to the rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and
perform all the duties incumbent upon me as Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States according to the best of my abili-
ties and understanding, agreeably to the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
"So help me God.
"ARTHUR J. GOLDBERG.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this first day of October A.D.
1962.
"JOHN F. DAVIS,
"Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States."
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Donald S. Jacobs, of Queens, N.Y., John M. Price, of Sacramento,
Calif., Martin J. Kirwan, of Pasadena, Calif., Don H. Banks, of
San Francisco, Calif., John Morris Cashel, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
George Torbica, of Columbus, Ohio, Raymond Neal Zagone of
Houston, Tex., Edmund Berrigan Clark, of Bethesda, Md., Lawrence
C. Musgrove, of Roanoke, Va., Herman M. Levy, of Washington,
D.C., Charles Burrell E. Freeman, of Washington, D.C., George Alex-
ander, of Washington, D.C., Bernard Roazen, of Brookline, Mass.,
Loring E. Hawes, of Baltimore, Md., Alfred M. Carvajal, of Miami,
Fla., Dennis H. Trosch, of Milwaukee, Wis., and Arthur H. Kahn,
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; Benjamin F. Schwartz, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Clair Engle; James Carl Craig, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; John Walter Wood, of Albany, Tex.,
on motion of George H. Mahon; A. H. Dudnik, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. William C. Minshall; Casimir Ludwig Cyptar, of
St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Clark MacGregor; Robert McWil-
liam, of Milwaukee, Wis., and Charles J. Kersten, of Milwaukee,
Wis., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Counihan; Walter V. Johnson,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1962
8
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert D. Powers; John C.
Feirich, of Carbondale, Ill., Quentin Lewis Kopp, of San Francisco,
Calif., and William Marsh Acker, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on
motion of Mr. James R. Stoner; Rotraud Mezger Perry, of Washing-
ton, D.C., and John Wilson Perry, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Gerritt Wesselink; Fred Emile Ringe, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., and Robert M. Alexander, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
Milton Conn; Kenneth G. Perry, of Jackson, Miss., and Dan Huff
Shell, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Dean Laurence; Horace
Cotton Lane, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Sweeny; E. V. Cavanagh, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
J. William Doolittle; Audrey Fox Anderson, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Howard A. White; David Phillip Feldman, of
Buffalo, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Herman Branse; John F. Nagle, of
Springfield, Mass., on motion of Mr. John Van der Ford Long;
Beecher E. Stallard, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. John Foley;
Thomas Squires Weary, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Henry
Roemer McPhee; Chas. E. Keller, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr.
Thomas J. Beddow; John Clay Lovett, of Benton, Ky., on motion
of Mr. Donald Macleay; John Williams Gwynne, Jr., of Waterloo,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. Bernard Rowitz; and Thomas J. Cameron,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph Herrod, were admitted to
practice.
ASSIGNMENT ORDERS
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr.
Justice Reed (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit beginning
October 15, 1962, and ending June 30, 1963, and for such further time
as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court,
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Burton (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit beginning
October 1, 1962, and ending June 30, 1963, and for such further time
as may be required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court,
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
Adjourned until Monday, October 8, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 8, will be as follows: Nos. 36, 25,
and 8.
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
9
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
J. Walter Owens, of Columbus, Ga., Armando Maraio, of Miami,
Fla., Sidney M. Weaver, of Miami, Fla., Kelvin Henderson Keith, of
Miami Springs, Fla., Milton Rosenkranz, of Jersey City, N.J., and
John Francis Morley, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Ralph S.
Spritzer; A. Kenneth Pincourt, Jr., of Palm Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; William Henry James, of Dyer, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Ray J. Madden; Donald Emil Werner, of Van Nuys,
Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Nicholas Johnson, of
Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer; Frederick
Michael Switzer III, of St. Louis, Mo., and David Wesley Miller,
of Lenox, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Robert Davis Powers, Jr.; William
Braly Murray, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Frederick Ber-
nays Wiener; Vincent J. Fuller, of Washington, D.C., and Maurice
Harwick, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward Bennett
Williams; Clinton Randolph Stevenson, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. John A. Beck; Mary Josephine Cusack, of Columbus,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Francis Phillip Cotruvo; Carman F. Ball, of
Buffalo, N.Y., and Irma R. Thorn, of Orchard Park, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Walter L. Green; James J. Cavanaugh, of Okemos, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Jack Moskowitz; Knowlton E. Carson, of Kansas City,
Kans., and George Richard Docking, of Kansas City, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Peter D. Beter; James C. Spangler, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Joseph B. Friedman; Alan DeWolfe Wright, of Paines-
ville, Ohio, on motion of Mr. David P. Freed; Howard M. Downs, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson; Ronald J.
Hardesty, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Jay W. Glasmann; Cyril
L. Weston, of Sellersville, Pa., on motion of Mr. Clarence M. Fisher;
and Gray Castle, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Jerome Powell,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
650278-62-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
10
No. 100. Milton J. Harris, appellant, v. The Florida Real Estate
Commission, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 105. Dagmar Readey et al., appellants, v. St. Louis County
Water Company et all. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 114. Georgia et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 116. Albin P. Lassiter, Ragan D. Madden, and F. Jean Pharis,
et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 121. L. D. Ragan, appellant, v. City of Seattle et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Washington. The motions to dismiss are
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 122. Edward J. Wellens, appellant, v. Douglas Dillon, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, et al. Appeal from the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 123. Bel Oil Corporation, appellant, v. Roland Cocreham, Col-
lector of Revenue, State of Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
11
No. 128. United States, appellant, v. Fred D. Brown and Fred J.
Purdy. Appeal from the United States District Court for the South-
ern District of New York. The judgment is reversed. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 157. Robert G. Errington, appellant, v. Missouri. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Missouri. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 162. United States, appellant, v. Nelson Woodson et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the District of Co-
lumbia. The judgment is reversed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 163. George Cannata et al., appellants, v. City of New York.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 177. Henry Honeywood et al., etc., appellants, v. Nelson A.
Rockefeller, Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New
York. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 223. Fairview Public Utility District, Number One, et al., ap-
pellants, v. City of Anchorage. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Alaska. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 237. Household Finance Corporation, appellant, v. Director of
the Division of Taxation, Department of the Treasury of New Jersey.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 247. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Middle District of Georgia. The motions to affirm are granted

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
12
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 265. Ronald Carr, appellant, v. New York. Appeal from the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judj-
cial Department. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 274. Martin L. Waxman et al., appellants, v. Virginia. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The judgment
is reversed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 31, Misc. Kenneth Barton, appellant, v. District Court of
Iowa, in and for Union County, etc. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Iowa. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as
a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 78, Misc. Dave Fleischer, etc., appellant, v. W.P.I.X., Inc.,
et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York and the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial
Department. The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 98, Misc. Angelo Paccione, petitioner, v. David M. Heritage,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On
writ of certiorari, judgment vacated and case remanded to that court
for further proceedings in which petitioner is to be accorded the
opportunity to present oral argument on the merits of his appeal,
either personally or through counsel, to the same extent as such oppor-
tunity is accorded to the United States Attorney. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 244, Misc. Roy Winford Fulghum, appellant, v. Louisiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
13
No. 297, Misc. Luther Poindexter, appellant, v. Richard A. Mc-
Gee et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California. The appeal is dismissed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 282, October Term, 1961. Atlantic and Gulf Stevedores,
Inc., petitioner, v. Ellerman Lines, Ltd., et al. The motion of respond-
ents to recall and amend the judgment is denied. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 7, Misc., October Term, 1961. James Harvey, alias Berk-
ely McCargo, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham, Jr., Superintendent
of the Virginia State Penitentiary; and
No. 63, October Term, 1961. Morgan C. Chewning, petitioner,
v. W. K. Cunningham, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Peni-
tentiary. The motions of petitioners to clarify opinions and for other
relief are denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of these motions.
No. 12, Original. State of Hawaii, plaintiff, v. David E. Bell.
The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is granted and the
United States is allowed sixty days to answer. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 573, Misc. In re Disbarment of Ellis Brodstein. It is ordered
that Ellis Brodstein, of Reading, Pennsylvania, be suspended from
the practice of the law in this Court and that a rule issue, returnable
within forty days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
No. 33. Incres Steamship Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Maritime Workers Union et al. The motions of the Republic
of Panama; Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland; and Seafarers' International Union of North
America, Atlantic & Gulf District, AFL-CIO, for leave to file briefs,
as amicus curiae, are granted.
No. 57. Michael Cleary, petitioner, v. Edward Bolger. The motion
of respondent for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is
ordered that Joseph Aronstein, Esquire, of New York, New York, be,
and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the respondent in
this case.
No. 78. Chester A. Pearlman, Trustee, petitioner, v. Reliance In-
surance Company. The motions of Association of Casualty and
Surety Companies; and Edward M. Murphy for leave to file briefs,
as amicus curiae, are granted.
650278-82- 3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
14
No. 82. New York Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. United
States et al. Upon the suggestion of mootness the judgment of the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
is vacated and the case is remanded with directions to dismiss the
complaint.
No. 88. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Reliance
Fuel Oil Corporation. The motion of Coal, Gasoline, Fuel Oil Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Oil-Burner Installation Maintenance Servicemen
and Helpers, Local Union 553, etc., to be named a party petitioner is
denied.
No. 201. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, petitioners, v.
Washington et al. The motion for the appointment of counsel is
granted and it is ordered that Charles F. Luce, Esquire, of Portland,
Oregon, a member of the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the petitioners in this case.
No. 202. Charles Edward Sanders, petitioner, v. United States.
The motion for the appointment of counsel is granted and it is ordered
that Fred M. Vinson, Jr., Esquire, of Washington, D.C., a member of
the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 108. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 109. Sea-Land Service, Inc., appellant, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 110. Seatrain Lines, Inc., appellant, v. New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 125. United States, appellant, v. New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the District of Connecticut. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours
allowed for oral argument.
No. 111. William M. Ferguson, Attorney General for the State
of Kansas, et al., appellants, v. Frank C. Skrupa, d/b/a Credit Ad-
visors. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Kansas. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 164. Nico Jacobellis, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
15
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania,
et al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case set
for argument immediately following No. 119.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board of
School Commissioners of Baltimore City. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland granted.
No. 146. The Colorado Anti-Discrimination Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. Continental Air Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado granted; and
No. 68, Misc. Marlon D. Green, petitioner, v. Continental Air
Lines, Inc. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado granted
and case transferred to the appellate docket. Cases consolidated and
a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 150. Harold J. Silver, d/b/a Municipal Securities Company,
et al., petitioners, v. New York Stock Exchange. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 178. State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Pacific
States Cast Iron Pipe Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Utah granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 180. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local Un-
ion No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. Riss and Company, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 229. Federico Marin Gutierrez, petitioner, v. Waterman Steam-
ship Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 240. Andre Maximov, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 271. Maurice L. Davis, etc., petitioner, v. Romuald M. Soja,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
16
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 288. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Erie Re-
sistor Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 217. Josephine Goss et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Knoxville, Tennessee, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted limited to Question 1 presented by the petition which reads
as follows:
"Whether petitioners, Negro school children seeking desegregation
of the public school systems of Knoxville, Tennessee (Goss case),
and Davidson County, Tennessee (Maxwell case), are deprived of
rights under the Fourteenth Amendment by judicial approval of a
provision in desegregation plans adopted by their local school boards,
which expressly recognizes race as a ground for transfer between
schools in circumstances where such transfers operate to preserve the
pre-existing racially segregated system, and which operate to restrict
Negroes living in the zones of all-Negro schools to such schools while
permitting white children in such areas to transfer to other schools
solely on the basis of race."
No. 283. Ward Lane, Warden, petitioner, v. George Robert Brown.
Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted. Case set for argument immediately
following No. 201.
No. 44, Misc. Raymond Downum, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 47, Misc. John L. Brady, petitioner, v. Maryland. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 51, Misc. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 217, Misc. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States.
Motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and transferred to the appellate
docket and a total of two hours is allowed for oral argument.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8,
1962
17
No. 69, Misc. Donald Wheeldin and Admiral Dawson, petitioners,
v. William Wheeler. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appel-
late docket and placed on the summary calendar. In briefs and oral
argument counsel are directed to discuss the question of federal
jurisdiction.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 95. Tecon Corporation, petitioner, v. Secretary of the Treasury
of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 127. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Maria Consuelo Garcia Dodart DeBram, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 129. William Joseph Bryan, petitioner, v. Nevada. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 131. Robert E. Lee & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Nathan
Thomas Veatch et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 132. Harriet B. Sawyer, petitioner, v. Pioneer Mill Company,
Ltd., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 135. Esso Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Edna Fall, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 137. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 138. Helen Russell Pierce, etc., petitioner, v. Allen B. DuMont
Laboratories, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 139. Stanley E. Henwood et al., etc., petitioners, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 149. James W. Harlow et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 151. Bankers Trust Company et al., etc., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
650278-62-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
18
No. 152. Robert Hugh Robinson, petitioner, v. Minnesota. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 153. Memphis Transit Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 154. Ralph Richardson, petitioner, v. C. C. Brunner et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 156. Francis D. Houston, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 158. Budget Dress Corp., petitioner, v. Joint Board of Dress
and Waistmakers' Union of Greater New York, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 160. La Maur, Inc., petitioner, v. L. S. Donaldson Company
et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 161. Connecticut Committee Against Pay TV et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 166. Joseph A. Fabianich et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 168. Lucia Bonsall et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil & Refining
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 169. Luther Robinson Maddox, petitioner v. Fidelity Invest-
ment & Title Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 171. James J. Donohue, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 173. Mound Company, petitioner, v. The Texas Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 176. William H. Benson, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 179. Lewis Orgel et al., petitioners, v. Clark Boardman Co.,
Ltd., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
19
No. 181. Lakeland Grocery Corporation, petitioner, v. Food Fair
Stores, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 182. Kerr's Catering Service, petitioner, v. Department of In-
dustrial Relations of the State of California et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 183. Green Truck Sales, Inc., petitioner, v. The Hoegh Lines.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Thomas Battles, petitioner, v. Arthur J. Goldberg, Secre-
tary of Labor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 185. Ernest Joseph Gibas et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 186. Solomon Dehydrating Company, petitioner, v. Dolly Guy-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 187. Fred Isaacs and Harry Isaacs, petitioners, v. United
States;
No. 188. Benson M. Larrick, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 189. Earl A. Jeffords, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 194. Fred A. Ossanna, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 190. Joseph A. Kovac, petitioner, v. Lucile R. Kovac. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 192. Hi Hat Elkhorn Coal Company, petitioner, v. Ted New-
man. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 193. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. C. A. Vernon et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 195. Robert Woods, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 197. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Public
Service Commission of Utah et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 198. Joseph Pagano, petitioner, v. Milton E. Sahn, as Trustee
in Bankruptcy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
20
20
No. 199. Frank T. Bell, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 203. Anthony Cardarella et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
Pe-
No. 204. William Henry Hackett, petitioner, v. United States.
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 205. Ozark Dairy Company et al., petitioners, v. Adams Dairy
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 207. Arlene Coats, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 208. Mildred Sexton, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 209. E. Stanley Richardson et al., etc., petitioners, v. Francis
R. Smith, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 210. Mack B. Thompson, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 211. Cities Service Oil Co., petitioner, v. Walter N. Tobriner
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 212. Patrick Henry et al., d/b/a Suburban Broadcasters, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Communications Commission. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 213. Brack Howard Noble et al., petitioners, v. Hattie De Vas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 214. Joseph L. O'Brien Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 215. Northern Ohio Telephone Company, petitioner, v. How-
ard R. Ward. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 216. Real Estate Corporation, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
21
No. 218. William A. Zeh et al., petitioners, v. Aeroglide Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 219. W. L. Bridges, Sr., petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 220. W. L. Bridges, Sr., petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 224. George S. Rhodes, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 226. The Dredge Corporation, petitioner, v. Husite Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 231. Paul E. Rhodes, petitioner, v. Star Herald Printing Co.
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ne-
braska denied.
No. 232. Liberian Carriers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Tampa Ship
Repair and Dry Dock Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 233. Edwin A. Kaakinen et al., petitioners, v. The Peelers
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 234. Texaco, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 238. E. W. Sterling Graham, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 242. Ivan B. Carlson, petitioner, v. William H. Dickman et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 243. Estate of Walter F. Rau, Sr., etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 244. Nicholas Mamula, petitioner, v. United Steelworkers of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 245. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Co., etc., petitioner, v.
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al.; and
No. 246. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Co., etc. petitioner, v.
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
650278-62--5
✓

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
22
No. 252. Orin C. Clement, petitioner, v. Frank J. Fisher. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 254. Billy Gilbert Nicholson, etc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 257. Lucille A. Breece, etc., petitioner, v. J. F. Chapman & Son,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 258. Robert M. Alexander, petitioner, v. County Board of
Arlington County et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 259. Holiday Lodge, Inc., petitioner, v. First Federal Savings
and Loan Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 261. Southern Farms, Inc., petitioner, v. Arthur J. Goldberg,
Secretary of Labor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 263. American News Co., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 264. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
George W. Gowins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 266. Ali Monem, petitioner, v. Cosmopolitan Shipping Co.,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Municipal Court
of New York, New York, Borough of Manhattan, First District,
denied.
No. 268. Luther Robinson Maddox, petitioner, v. Raymond O.
Shroyer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 269. Humble Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Mabel W.
Martin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 272. William I. Cohen, petitioner, v. Plateau Natural Gas Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 273. United New York and New Jersey Sandy Hook Pilots
Association et al., petitioners, v. Anna Halecki, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
23
No. 278. Rock Island Motor Transit Company, petitioner, v. Con-
ditioned Air Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 279. Edward W. Anspach et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 280. Joseph Vogelsang et al., petitioners, v. Delta Air Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 281. Local 776, IATSE (Film Editors), petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 282. Columbus Production Credit Association, petitioner, v.
Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 284. Utah et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 287. Bendix Corporation etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 289. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
John Slaughter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 290. Rice Lake Creamery Company, petitioner, v. General
Drivers & Helpers Union, Local No. 662, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 294. John W. D. Collins et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 295. Gertrude Welch Morris et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 347. Charles Dickson Fair, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James
Howard Meredith, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 103. Myrph Johnson, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
24
No. 126. William A. Porter, petitioner, v. Honorable R. C. Stan-
ford, Jr., Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Arizona denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 130. Mathiasen Tanker Industries, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Robert Lee Mason. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted in this case
because the petitioning ship owner here has been denied its right to
trial by jury guaranteed by the Seventh Amendment to the Consti-
tution.
No. 136. Pierce Ford Sales, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Ford Motor
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black would
grant certiorari in this case because he believes that the petitioner,
Pierce Ford Sales, Inc., was denied its right to a trial by jury in vio-
lation of the guarantee of the Seventh Amendment.
No. 143. H. Henry Young, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 174. Erna Christiani-Onken, etc., petitioner, v. Robert F. Ken-
nedy, Attorney General, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 228. Samuel Freedman et al., petitioners, v. Philadelphia Ter-
minals Auction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 145. Kalman Greenhill et al., petitioners, v. United States.
The motion of petitioners to vacate and remand is denied. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 196. Melvin Morris et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims de-
nied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 225. James Campy Irby, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
25
No. 301. George Weigel, petitioner, v. Partenweederei, MS Bel-
grano, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 309. G. R. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. City of Irvine et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 260. North Carolina Natural Gas Corporation, petitioner, v.
McJunkin Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted in this case
because the petitioning North Carolina Gas Corporation has been de-
nied its right to a trial by jury guaranteed by the Seventh Amendment
to the Constitution.
No. 267. Mid-America Telephone Company, petitioner, v. Public
Utilities Commission of Ohio et al. The motion of petitioner for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is denied. The alternative motion to dis-
pense with printing the petition for certiorari is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 9, Misc. Martin Sostre, petitioner, v. Russell G. Oswald,
Chairman of the New York State Board of Parole, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 19, Misc. George Freeman, Jr., petitioner, v. Beal Kidd, U.S.
Marshal, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 22, Misc. Gale Johnson, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 23, Misc. Andrew P. Johnson, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 25, Misc. Moses I. Howie, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 26, Misc. L. G. Gallup, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 28, Misc. David Lee Green, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
650278-62-6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
26
No. 33, Misc. Ahmed Kassim, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 36, Misc. John M. Kershner, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of West Virginia denied.
No. 39, Misc. Grady Newman Halcomb, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Director of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 40, Misc. Leonard Wolochen, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 43, Misc. Delma L. Powell, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 45, Misc. George Benjamin Williams, petitioner, v. Olin G.
Blackwell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 46, Misc. Sam Frankfurter, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 50, Misc. Martin Sostre, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 57, Misc. Paul S. Munson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 58, Misc. Edward J. Ellis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 64, Misc. Burton Junior Post, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 71, Misc. Marion Miller, petitioner, v. United States Govern-
ment et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 72, Misc. James W. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 73, Misc. Alpheus Holiday, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
27
No. 76, Misc. Rosalio Cruz, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 77, Misc. Bethel S. Stevenson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
denied.
No. 79, Misc. Sally T. Hucks, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 81, Misc. Emmett Ennis Marshall, petitioner, v. Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied.
No. 83, Misc. Harry D. Smith, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 84, Misc. Robert J. Mulligan, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 85, Misc. Matthew J. Lambert, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su--
preme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 86, Misc. Wilmer W. Evans, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 90, Misc. Dick Red Bell, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr., Di-
rector, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 92, Misc. Frank Gomez, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 93, Misc. Claude L. Johnson, Sr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. John W. Holland, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 95, Misc. Nevins Anderson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 96, Misc. John Hawryliak, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent of State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
28
No. 97, Misc. Raymond Ellinger, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 100, Misc. Lonnie Jessie, petitioner, v. Frederick Reincke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Er-
rors of Connecticut denied.
No. 106, Misc. Uzell Watson, petitioner, v. Warden of the Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 107, Misc. Robert Halpern, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 109, Misc. Glenn Roy Miller, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. Morgan Martin, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Robert
A. Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 112, Misc. Alfred Pittore, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 114, Misc. Gertrude Macdonald, petitioner, v. Robert Jerome
Dunne, Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 115, Misc. Charles R. Graves, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 116, Misc. Charles Huntley, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 117, Misc. John S. Eldard, petitioner, v. J. Edwin LaVallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 118, Misc. A. D. Jackson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 119, Misc. J. B. Turmon, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
}

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
29
No. 120, Misc. John S. Mitchell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 122, Misc. William Moore, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No 123, Misc. John W. Ricks, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania, Western District, denied.
No. 125, Misc. Dwight L. Burns, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 128, Misc. Robert E. Sherwood, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 129, Misc. William H. Coates, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 130, Misc. George Diblin, petitioner, v. Leon A. Katz. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 131, Misc. Leslie Direl Green, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York de-
nied.
No. 132, Misc. Norman Dunbar, petitioner, v. Lawrence P. Kee-
nan, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 133, Misc. Milton Smith, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Courtof California denied.
No. 136, Misc. Philip Priori, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 137, Misc. Alfred D. Carter, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Crim-
inal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 138, Misc. Glenn Crews, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Clinton
County, denied.
No. 140, Misc. Richard Wiggins, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962.
30
No. 142, Misc. Frank Puddu, petitioner, v. Royal Netherlands
Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 143, Misc. Ray Eugene Warren, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 146, Misc. Samuel Dees, petitioner, v. Hugh F. Rivers et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 147, Misc. Henry P. Senna, petitioner, v. Stephen P. Ken-
nedy, as Police Commissioner of the City of New York, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 148, Misc. William E. Pyles, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Baltimore City
Court of Maryland denied.
No. 149, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 151, Misc. James Turner, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 152, Misc. William R. Sims, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunnigham,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 154, Misc. L. A. Harris, petitioner, v. Joseph C. McGarraghy
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 157, Misc. John Kirby, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Fayette County of Illinois
denied.
No. 159, Misc. Leonard Perkins, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 160, Misc. Norwood Lee Mendenhall, petitioner, v. Texas
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas denied.
No. 161, Misc. George W. Pullite, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Vermillion County of
Illinois denied.
No. 162, Misc. James I. Smith, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
31
No. 163, Misc. Martin E. Hillyard, etc., petitioner, v. National
Dairy Products Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 164, Misc. Eugene A. Wright, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 165, Misc. John F. Beltowski, petitioner, v. Harvey L. Ever-
son et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 166, Misc. George Lee Rivers, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution at Graterford, Pa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 167, Misc. Herbert Ely, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 168, Misc. Austin T. Flett, petitioner, v. W. A. Alexander &
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 169, Misc. Vincent Ruberto, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 170, Misc. Chester R. Morris, petitioner, v. Q. C. Taylor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Third Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 171, Misc. Fred John Hansen, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 173, Misc. Henry L. Foreman, petitioner, v. Texas et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 174, Misc. Per Ake Skantze, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 177, Misc. Raymond Lorentzen, petitioner, v. Washington et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washing-
ton denied.
No. 178, Misc. William Taylor, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
32
No. 179, Misc. Howard J. Jarrell, petitioner, v. West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 181, Misc. William M. Holley, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 182, Misc. Joe D. Sneed, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 183, Misc. John Gwynn, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 184, Misc. Woodman J. Collins, petitioner, v. Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 187, Misc. Donald Joseph, petitioner, v. Ward Lane, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 188, Misc. Della Mae Keeton Woods, petitioner, v. Erle L.
Lowery. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 189, Misc. Patrick Mahon McGee, petitioner, v. Arizona.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 191, Misc. Aaron Malcolm Harrelson, petitioner, v. North
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 194, Misc. Louis M. Grieco, petitioner, v. Harold V. Langlois,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island denied.
No. 196, Misc. Raymond S. Rudolph, Jr., petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Baltimore County of Maryland denied.
No. 197, Misc. Johnnie Lee Goss, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 198, Misc. Philomena Grace Williams, petitioner, v. Em-
ployers Liability Assurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 199, Misc. Joseph Gilbert, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 202, Misc. Joseph John Cuff, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
33
No. 203, Misc. Charles E. O'Connor, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 204, Misc. Lawrence Curtin, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 205, Misc. Henry B. Turner, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 207, Misc. Morris Ruckle, petitioner, v. Warden of the City
Jail of Baltimore, Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 208, Misc. Arthur Beverley Garnett, petitioner, v. W. K.
Cunningham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 209, Misc. Eugen Hirsch, petitioner, v. Archer-Daniels-Mid-
land Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 210, Misc. Walter S. Nerwinski, petitioner, v. Howard
Yeager, Principal Keeper, New Jersey State Prison. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 214, Misc. Milton H. Cohen, petitioner, v. Louisiana State
Bar Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 215, Misc. Celestino R. Ybarra, petitioner, v. Arizona. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 218, Misc. John W. Holland, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 221, Misc. George W. Whitsel, petitioner, v. George Beto,
General Manager, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 223, Misc. Sandy Brown, petitioner, v. J. E. LaVallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 224, Misc. Carlo P. Minieri, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 226, Misc. Willie Charles Hill, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
34
No. 227, Misc. Lloyd Miles et al., petitioners, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 228, Misc. Nathan Bean, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 230, Misc. Robert H. Bohn, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 231, Misc. LeRoy Hester, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 233, Misc. Freddie Brown, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for a writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 235, Misc. Eb Wade, petitioner, v. Luther Thomas, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 236, Misc. Drewey Aaron, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 238, Misc. Ben John Read, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 240, Misc. Richard Eugene Sires, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 241, Misc. J. Paul Scott, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 242, Misc. Joseph Rinaldi, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 243, Misc. James Robert Fallon, petitioner, v. Edward M.
Fay, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, Dutchess County, denied.
No. 245, Misc. Curtis Ray Roberts, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas de-
nied.
No. 248, Misc. James Ervin Boyd, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 255, Misc. John Linwood Morris, petitioner, o. W. K. Cun-
ningham, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
35
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 257, Misc. Frank DeBoor, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 258, Misc. Lillian N. Aarons, petitioner, v. Washington Sher-
aton Corp. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 259, Misc. Francis Marion Black, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 260, Misc. Glen Ward, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 261, Misc. James C. Tyler, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 263, Misc. George Teamoh, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 265, Misc. Vincent G. Doyon, petitioner, v. Maine. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine denied.
No. 266, Misc. Herbert B. Carmack, petitioner, v. Alabama. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 267, Misc. Bennie Will Meyes, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
denied.
No. 270, Misc. Oscar Case, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 271, Misc. James Burks, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 273, Misc. Joseph Peterson, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 275, Misc. Paul R. Bailleaux, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied.
No. 278, Misc. George Norman, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 280, Misc. Charles J. Handy, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
36
No. 283, Misc. Philip Lee Davis, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 284, Misc. Joseph Henry Clark, petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Pepersack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 285, Misc. Richard Edward Dehler, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 288, Misc. Harry Carson McNerlin, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 289, Misc. Spencer Blakey, Sr., et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Harold C. Doyle et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 290, Misc. Alfred Taylor, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 291, Misc. John Wesley Cheeseboro, petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Pepersack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 292, Misc. Carthel James Rushing, petitioner, v. Louie Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 294, Misc. Rudolph Muller, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 295, Misc. Robert Angelo Torres, a/k/a Bob Torres, peti-
tioner, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 298, Misc. Alonzo Walker, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 299, Misc. Henry Janek, petitioner, v. Federal Pacific Elec-
tric Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 300, Misc. Anthony D'Agostino, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts denied.
No. 302, Misc. Don Beamon, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
37
No. 310, Misc. Frank R. Arthur, petitioner, v. Director, Patuxent
Institution, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 311, Misc. Alexander Nicholas Bogish, petitioner, v. New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 313, Misc. Ralph L. Sims, petitioner, v. John T. Willingham,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 314, Misc. Robert Allen Streit, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Iowa denied.
No. 315, Misc. Cuthbert Eastman, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 319, Misc. William Matthew Miller, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 346, Misc. Earl L. Jordan, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 361, Misc. Carl Melton, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 400, Misc. Frank D. Jones, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 410, Misc. Henry Wilson, petitioner, v. Robert M. Murphy,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 414, Misc. Eugene Solomon, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 30, Misc. Lawson Edward Schaber, petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 153, Misc. Carlos Gonzales Cisneros, petitioner, v. California;
and
No. 363, Misc. Allen Ditson, petitioner, v. California. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 176, Misc. Cecil Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
38
No. 339, Misc. Theodore Jardine, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 158, Misc. Robert D. Perry, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari and for other relief to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 293, Misc. E. J. Biggs, petitioner, v. Acme Furnace Fitting
Co., Bankrupt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari and for other
relief to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 306, Misc. Jesse James Cantrell, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari and for other relief to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 172, Misc. Richard P. Weinfurtner, petitioner, v. California
et al.;
No. 175, Misc. Samuel H. Kelley, petitioner, v. M. L. Royster,
Superintendent, State Farm, Virginia, et al.;
No. 212, Misc. Kenneth Donaldson, petitioner, v. Florida et al.;
No. 234, Misc. Reginald Schneider-Jimenez, petitioner, v. D. M.
Heritage, Warden;
No. 246, Misc. Stanley J. Tomkalski, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al.;
No. 256, Misc. Ex parte Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner;
No. 262, Misc. Rafael Rosario Melendez, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 287, Misc. Arley C. Browning, petitioner, v. Kansas et al.;
No. 332, Misc. Roberto L. Castro, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Superintendent, California Mens Colony;
No. 347, Misc. Manuel Garcia Ortiz, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden;
No. 355, Misc. Curtis White, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Conboy,
Warden, et al.;
No. 373, Misc. Jose Antonio Correa Reyes, petitioner, v. D. M.
Heritage, Warden;
No. 391, Misc. Frank P. Scarano, petitioner, v. Frederick G.
Reincke, Warden;
No. 396, Misc. Burnie McCall, petitioner, v. James McDonald,
Sheriff, County of Cayuga;
No. 397, Misc. Matthew T. Creagh, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Southern District of Ohio et al.;
No. 422, Misc. Hansel L. Bray, petitioner, v. United States;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
39
No. 427, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent of Washington State Penitentiary, et al.; and
No. 450, Misc. Edward Muza, petitioner, v. California et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 206, Misc. In the Matter of Theodore Harper, petitioner;
No. 423, Misc. Ex parte Albert Kumitis, petitioner; and
No. 438, Misc. John D. Gardner, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar,
Director, California Department of Corrections, et al. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the
papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 156, Misc. John H. Gately, petitioner, v. Leonard V. B. Sut-
ton et al., Justices of the Supreme Court of Colorado;
No. 201, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Honorable Sherrill
Halbert, Judge, etc., et al.; and
No. 225, Misc. Louis Stephens, petitioner, v. George H. Boldt,
United States District Court Judge. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 124, October Term, 1961. Creek Nation, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 842, October Term, 1961. H. Neil Kelly, Jr., petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 885, October Term, 1961. Charles E. Williams, petitioner,
v. Hot Shoppes, Inc.;
No. 907, October Term, 1961. N. V. Handelsbureau La Mola,
petitioner, v. Robert F. Kennedy, Attorney General of the United
States, etc.;
No. 910, October Term, 1961. Wilburn Boat Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Fireman's Fund Insurance Company;
No. 956, October Term, 1961. Julius Grieco, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 974, October Term, 1961. Art National Manufacturers Dis-
tributing Co., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission;
No. 977, October Term, 1961. Robert E. Funkhouser, peti-
tioner, v. United States; and
No. 1028, October Term, 1961. George S. Atkinson et al., peti-
tioners, v. City of Dallas. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 190, October Term, 1961. United States, petitioner, v.
Thomas Crawley Davis et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
40
No. 268, October Term, 1961. Thomas Crawley Davis et al.,
petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 396, October Term, 1961. C. J. D. Rudolph et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice White took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 242, October Term, 1961. The Glidden Company, etc.,
petitioner, v. Olga Zdanok et al. The motion of American Spice
Trade Association, et al. for leave to file brief, as amici curiae, is
granted. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of these
motions.
No. 400, October Term, 1961. Central Railroad Company of
Pennsylvania, appellant, v. Pennsylvania. The motion to recall the
mandate presented to Mr. Justice Harlan, and by him referred to the
Court, is denied. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and
application.
No. 480, October Term, 1961. Robert Morales et al., petitioners,
v. City of Galveston et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 866, October Term, 1961. In the Matter of Lillian Claw-
ans, petitioner. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 919, October Term, 1961. Jeanette E. Gondeck, petitioner,
v. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al. The motion for leave
to file a supplement to the petition for rehearing is granted. Petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 39, Misc., October Term, 1961. Bill Bailey, petitioner, v.
Beryle C. Sacks, Warden, et al.;
No. 900, Misc., October Term, 1961. Louisiana ex rel. Steve
Washington, appellant, v. V. G. Walker, Warden;
No. 964, Misc., October Term, 1961. Henry L. Thompson, Jr.,
petitioner, v. Washington;
No. 1133, Misc., October Term, 1961. Albert Owings, peti-
tioner, v. Robert H. Jamieson, Sheriff of Middlesex County, et al;
No. 1153, Misc., October Term, 1961. Stanley Olen, appellant,
v. Sarah Elizabeth Olen;
No. 1155, Misc., October Term, 1961. John Boldt, petitioner,
v. United States;
No. 1207, Misc., October Term, 1961. Alexander Bisno, peti-
tioner, v. United States;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1962
41
No. 1209, Misc., October Term, 1961. David Allen Young,
petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1212, Misc., October Term, 1961. Fred Arispe Cruz, peti-
tioner, v. Texas;
No. 1216, Misc., October Term, 1961. Joseph O'Leary, peti-
tioner, v. John W. Macy, Jr., Chairman, etc., et al.;
No. 1259, Misc., October Term, 1961. Edward P. Scott, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1295, Misc., October Term, 1961. Robert C. Gerald, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1336, Misc., October Term, 1961. Francisco Cepero, ap-
pellant, v. Honorable Government of the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico et al.; and
No. 1343, Misc., October Term, 1961. Robert H. Hartford,
petitioner, v. Dr. Samuel Wick, Director, Arizona State Hospital.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1178, Misc., October Term, 1961. Jesse M. Garcia, Jr.,
petitioner, v. John W. Turner. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision
of cases in which orders are this day announced.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 36. Wong Sun and James Wah Toy, petitioner, v. United
States. Reargued by Mr. Edward Bennett Williams for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. J. William Doolittle for the respondent.
No. 25. William Presser, petitioner, v. United Stataes. Reargued
by Mr. John G. Cardinal for the petitioner and by Mr. Stephen J.
Pollack for the respondent.
No. 8. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. Frank G. Sain, Sheriff of
Cook County, et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. George N.
Leighton for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 9, 1962, will be as follows: Nos.
8, 5, 78, and 13.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Jack Stewart Stanley, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr.
James C. Corman; Robert William Thomas, of Chicago, Ill., Thomas
Joseph Freaney, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., and Thomas H. Clark, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Maurice Francis Biddle; Clifford
W. Van Blarcom, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Philip T. Van
Zile II; Charles Cuprill Oppenheimer, of Ponce, P.R., on motion of
Mr. Michael Francis Zavier Dolan; Harvey Bernard Rubenstein, of
Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Harold Leshem; Theodore Roose-
velt Newman, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William B.
Bryant; Raymond T. Miles, of Buffalo, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Mark
N. Turner; Stanley Seymour Frazee, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.,
Hermon Manning Wells, of Philadelphia, Pa., Warren Davis Mulloy,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Robert A. Artz, of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. William H. Allen; and Isadore B. Katz, of Washington,
D.C., Franklin David Wolffe, of Washington, D.C., and Samuel
Wolffe, of Washington, D.C., and Morris Fidelman, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. George R. Douglas, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 8. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. Frank G. Salin, Sheriff of
Cook County, et al. Reargument continued by Mr. George N. Leigh-
ton for the petitioner, by Mr. Edward J. Hladis for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. George N. Leighton for the petitioner.
No. 5. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People,
etc., petitioner, v. Frederick T. Gray, Attorney General of Virginia,
et al. Reargued by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the petitioner and by
Mr. Henry T. Wickham for the respondents.
No. 78. Chester A. Pearlman, Trustee, petitioner, v. Reliance Insur-
ance Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Raymond T. Miles for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 10, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 78, 13, 38, and 6.
✗
i
W

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1962
43
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Carlos J. Irizarry-Yunque', of Ponce, P.R., Hector Lugo-Bougal,
of Ponce, P.R., Arthur Vernon Jones, of Newport Beach, Calif., and
William Michael Corrigan, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Archibald Cox; Robert S. Young Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; Joe J. Harrell, of Pensacola,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Samuel Intrater; James W. McGrath, of Co-
lumbia, S.C., on motion of Mr. Hubert H. Finzel; Charles Kelly Hack-
ler, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Previant; and
James Rhoderick Purdy, of Boston, Mass., Reuben Samuel Dawkins,
of Boston, Mass., Alice I. McAuliffe, of Boston, Mass., Daniel W.
Healy, of Boston, Mass. Sidney J. Kagan of Boston Mass., Philip
Richenburg, of Boston Mass., William N. Wheeler, of Boston, Mass.,
Vincent Mottola of Boston, Mass., Thomas C. Garabedian, of Wor-
cester, Mass., Edward J. McCabe, of Worcester, Mass., Herbert L.
Sostek, of Malden, Mass., Margaret Mahoney Nunes, of Winchester,
Mass., Robert Thomas Hughes, of Wellesley Hills, Mass., Patrick
Francis Hurley, of South Hadley Falls, Mass., Paul Francis Callery,
of Lowell, Mass., Paul Sostek, of Newton Mass., Eleanor Ramisch
Travers, of Cambridge, Mass., Joseph H. Beecher, of Barnstable,
Mass., Joseph L. Moriarty, of Quincy, Mass., and Thomas E. Flynn,
Jr., of Portsmouth, N.H., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Dangel, were
admitted to practice.
No. 78. Chester A. Pearlman, Trustee, petitioner, v. Reliance In-
surance Company. Argument continued by Mr. Raymond T. Miles
for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Mark N. Turner for the
respondent. Memoranda to come.
No. 13. Doyle Smith, petitioner, v. Evening News Association.
Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the petitioner and by Philip
T. Van Zile II for the respondent.
No. 38. Los Angeles Meat and Provision Drivers Union, Local 626,
et al., appellants, v. United States. Argued by Mr. Charles K. Hack-
ler for the appellants and by Mr. Robert B. Hummel for the appellee.
650278-62-8

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1962
44
No. 6. Theodore R. Gibson, petitioner, v. Florida Legislative In-
vestigation Committee. Reargument commenced by Mr. Robert L.
Carter for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 11, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 6, 37, 16, and 40.
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1962
45
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
George Edward Hill, of Marquette, Mich., Joseph F. Radigan, of
Rutland, Vt., Joseph P. Hoey, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Lawrence Gubow,
of Detroit, Mich., James B. Brennan, of Milwaukee, Wis., Ernest
Morgan, of San Marcos, Tex., Bernard T. Moynahan, Jr., of Nicholas-
ville, Ky., John T. Curtin, of Buffalo, N.Y., Frank R. Freeman, of
Spokane, Wash., Harold C. Doyle, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak., Warren C.
Colver, of Anchorage, Alaska, Bernard J. Brown, of Carbondale,
Pa., Lawrence M. Henry, of Denver, Colo., John F. Quinn, Jr., of
Albuquerque, N. Mex., Charles A. Muecke, of Phoenix, Ariz., Edward
L. Shaheen, of Lake Charles, La., Harry G. Camper, Jr., of Welch,
W. Va., Justin J. Mahoney, of Troy, N.Y., Joseph Davies Tydings,
of Havre de Grace, Md., William H. Murdock, of Durham, N.C.,
William H. Craig, Jr., of Manchester, N.H., D. Jeff Lance, of St.
Louis, Mo., Theodore L. Richling, of Omaha, Nebr., Orville Edwin
Langley, of Muskogee, Okla., James P. Alger, of Agana, Guam, John
M. Imel, of Tulsa, Okla., B. Andrew Potter, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Joseph Scofield Ammerman, of Curwensville, Pa., Sidney I. Lezak, of
Portland, Oreg., H. M. Ray, of Oxford, Miss., Carl W. Feickert, of
Belleville, Ill., Edward R. Phelps, of Carlinville, Ill., Alton A. Les-
sard, of Lewiston, Maine; Macon L. Weaver, of Huntsville, Ala.,
Thomas L. Robinson, of Memphis, Tenn., Franklin Russell Millin,
of Kansas City, Mo., Floyd M. Buford, of Macon, Ga., John C. Wil-
liams, of Spartanburg, S.C., William Clinton Medford, of Waynes-
ville, N.C., C. Vernon Spratley, Jr., of Williamsburg, Va., Donald A.
Wine, of Des Moines, Iowa, Robert H. Cowen, of Williamston, N.C.,
Donald Hines Fraser, of Hinesville, Ga., Louis C. LaCour, of New
Orleans, La., Richard P. Stein, of New Albany, Ind., and Alfred
W. Moellering, of Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Attorney Gen-
eral Robert F. Kennedy; Raymond Alexander Nelson, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Robert Montague Bushnell, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ralph R.
Sleeper, of Los Angeles, Calif., Paul Edward Mitchell, of Boston,
Mass., Lawrence A. L. Scheftel, of New York, N.Y., Edward M. Post,
of Louisville, Ky., and James E. Thornberry, of Louisville, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Justin M. Golenbock,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer; Joseph
650278-62-

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1962
46
Jacob Poizner, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Newell A.
George; Norman Malcolm Hussey, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. John W. Cragun; Caruthers Gholson Berger, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Jacob I. Karro; Stuart M. Speiser, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Wender; Kenneth Felix Phil-
lips, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frederick S. Wyle;
Charles Stanton Leeds, Jr., of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Jerry N. Griffin; and James W. Bean, of Lafayette, La., on mo-
tion of Mr. Denver H. Graham, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 6. Theodore R. Gibson, petitioner, v. Florida Legislative In-
vestigation Committee. Reargument continued by Mr. Robert L.
Carter for the petitioner, by Mr. Mark R. Hawes for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the petitioner.
No. 37. Hewitt-Robins Incorporated, petitioner, v. Eastern Freight-
Ways, Inc. Argued by Mr. Harry Teichner for the petitioner and
by Mr. Wilfred R. Caron for the respondent. Memorandum for
respondent to come.
No. 16. Shotwell Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Argument commenced by Mr. George B. Christensen
for the petitioners and continued by Mr. William T. Kirby for the
petitioners and by Mr. Joseph M. Howard for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 15, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 15, 1962, will be as follows: Nos.
16, 40, 27 (and 28), and 42 (43 and 44).
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James Wadsworth Symington, of Washington, D.C., Joseph E.
Wilkinson, Jr., of Selma, Ala., Edgar P. Russell, Jr., of Selma, Ala.,
William L. Bowers, Jr., of Houston, Tex., Herbert F. Krensky, of
Miami, Fla., David J. Greenburg, of Boston, Mass., Mary Ann De-
Bartolo, of Long Beach, Calif., Charles Saggio, of Milwaukee, Wisc.,
Patrick J. Molohon, of Chicago, Ill., John Michael Sullivan, of Chi-
cago, Ill., John Francis Reynolds, of Chicago, Ill., Allen Channon
Engerman, of Chicago, Ill., Arthur Leonard Dunne, of Chicago, Ill.,
Salvatore C. DePiano, of Bridgeport, Conn., Arvey Wolke, of Chicago,
Ill., Lois J. Scampini, of South San Francisco, Calif., and Marvin E.
Aspen, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; Arnold Weinberger, of Denver, Colo., and Donald Campion
Atkinson, of San Mateo, Calif., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Alan
Joel Levenson, of Portland, Maine, on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hu-
don; R. Ronald Calkins, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Thomas A. Ziebarth; Stanley Dolnick, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Patrick James Head; Leonard Walter Wagman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Seymour Shainswit; James J. Cally, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph N. Bonuso; Richard C. Amick,
of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Roger Lee Campbell; John
Arthur Fillion, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh,
Jr.; Emil Steck, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jesse E.
Baskette; Robert Leon Sonfield, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Robert L. Sonfield; Edward J. Davis, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. William P. Corcoran; James Reiter Hinton, of Akron, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Richard T. Yery; Louis Mead Dixon, of Reno, Nev.,
on motion of Mr. John Fourt; Charles Dillingham, of Houston, Tex.,
and Benjamin H. Schleider, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr.
John Giles Roberts; and Haven Alanson Knight, of Greenwich, Conn.,
and Charles E. Mosher, of Greenwich, Conn, on motion of Mr. Thomas
A. Flannery, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
650278-62-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
48
No. 148. United States, appellant, v. Evetts Haley, Jr. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Texas; and
No. 139, Misc. United States, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Northern District of Texas. On motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus. In No. 148, motion to dismiss
the appeal granted and appeal dismissed. In No. 139, Misc., motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus granted. On writ,
mandamus granted. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 230. Boston and Maine Railroad et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts. The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 235. United States et al., appellants, v. Department of Reve-
nue of the State of Illinois et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 262. Peerless Stages, Inc., appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 277. Utah Pharmaceutical Association, appellant, v. United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Utah. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 286. Southeastern Aviation, Inc., etc., appellant, v. A. H. Hurd,
etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern Divi-
sion. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 291. Charlie Herbert Pulley, appellant, v. Helen Elizabeth
Pulley. Appeal from the Supreme Court of North Carolina. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 312. David Wassermann, appellant, v. The Board of Regents
of the University of the State of New York. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of New York. The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 415. Buck C. Miller, appellant, v. P. Frank Lake, Secretary of
State. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Texas. The appeal is dis-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
49
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 13, Misc. Marc C. Garvin, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ
of certiorari, on consideration of mootness judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for such proceedings as
that court may deem appropriate. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 24, Misc. Marc C. Garvin, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of
certiorari, on consideration of mootness judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for such proceedings as
that court may deem appropriate. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 49, Misc. James Coley Jones, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari,
judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for re-
consideration in light of Coppedge v. United States, 369 U.S. 438.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 408, Misc. William Vitoratos, appellant, v. Frank P. Yaco-
bucci, Clerk, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 446, Misc. William Davidson, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La-
Vallee, Warden. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 11. John Thomas Avent et al., petitioners, v. North Carolina.
The motion to remove this case from the summary calendar is denied.
No. 155. Clarence Earl Gideon, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. The motion of respondent to strike
portions of designation of record is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
50
No. 598, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of John H.
Gately. It is ordered that John H. Gately of Colorado Springs,
Colorado, be suspended from the practice of the law in this Court
and that a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him
to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of
the law in this Court.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 251. Angelika L. Schneider, petitioner, v. Dean Rusk, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 134. David Namet, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 236. German S. Lopez, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 248. George K. Rosenberg, District Director, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. George Fleuti. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 297. Dixilyn Drilling Corporation, petitioner, v. Crescent Tow-
ing & Salvage Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 39. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States; and
No. 293. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two
hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 430. Arrow Transportation Company et al., petitioners, v.
Southern Railway Company et al. The motion for leave to supple-
ment the petition for certiorari and record is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief
expressing the views of the United States.
No. 75, Misc. James E. Bush, petitioner, v. Texas. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas granted. Case transferred
to the appellate docket.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
51.
No. 336, Misc. James Basham, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 413, Misc. Willie Norvell, petitioner, v. Illinois. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted. Case transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 206. The Bowater Steamship Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Earl Patterson, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 227. David Wassermann, petitioner, v. The Board of Regents
of the University of the State of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 239. The Farmers Union Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 249. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 250. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 253. J. G. Boswell Company, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Interior Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 255. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Timken Roller
Bearing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 256. In the Matter of the Estate of Annie E. Hurst, Deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 270. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
etc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 276. Northern California Pharmaceutical Association et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 292. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, petitioner, v. Overnite
650278-62- -11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
52
Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 296. William A. Reiling, petitioner, v. Byron H. Hammersten.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 298. Charles M. Land, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Louis Finkelstein et al., petitioners, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 175. Harold Zucker, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 285. Joe Quong et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 54, Misc. Rico J. Alvarez, alias James Walker, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 55, Misc. John Raymond Malone, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 110, Misc. Donald David Jones, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 155, Misc. William Howard Duncan, petitioner, v. Cale D.
Holder, Judge, United States District Court for the Southern District
of Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 190, Misc. M. J. Nations, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 200, Misc. Ruben Dario Sanchez, petitioner, v. J. C. Taylor,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 253, Misc. Harold Wayne Davis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
53
No. 254, Misc. Raymond George Orrie, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 269, Misc. George G. Shifflett, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 272, Misc. Michael Zupko, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 276, Misc. Robert James Foster, petitioner, v. Peter J. Pitches,
Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 282, Misc. Philip N. McAbee, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 304, Misc. Tom Don Franano, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 307, Misc. Grover P. Taylor, petitioner, v. James R. Evans,
Chief of Police. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 308, Misc. Samuel M. Hutchins, petitioner, v. W. K. Cun-
ningham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 309, Misc. Robert T. Smith, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 317, Misc. Carless Russell Barnhill, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 321, Misc. Jimmy Jasper Dixon, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran,
Jr., Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 324, Misc. Thomas A. Butler, petitioner, v. A. T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 325, Misc. Emery L. Bales, petitioner, v. Western Barium
Corp. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 329, Misc. Ignacio S. Villarreal, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
54
No. 331, Misc. Aurweid George Reickauer, petitioner, v. W. K.
Cunningham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 333, Misc. Albin Stanislowski, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 334, Misc. Herman Barmore, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 338, Misc. Arthur Spinney, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 340, Misc. Arthur C. Schultz, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 341, Misc. Isaac J. Hill, petitioner, v. Oklahoma et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 342, Misc. John D. Duncan, petitioner, v. Maine. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine denied.
No. 344, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 345, Misc. Anthony Marro and Joseph Balcer, petitioners, v.
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 349, Misc. James Earl Ray, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 350, Misc. John Edward Reece, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 353, Misc. LeRoy Nash, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
denied.
No. 357, Misc. William D. Rine, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 362, Misc. Bennie Lee McIntyre, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
55
No. 364, Misc. Paul Jenkot, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 369, Misc. James A. Ballard, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran,
Jr., Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 372, Misc. Alonzo Hampton, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
Indemnity
No. 378, Misc. Eura Dufrene, petitioner, v. Insurance Company
of North America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. James Edward Jefferson, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 380, Misc. Eddie Goodman, petitioner, v. Michigan.
Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 381, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. George H. Hornbeck, Jr., petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 384, Misc. Curtis Midgett, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 385, Misc. Percy F. Hicks, petitioner, v. Arthur S. Flemming,
Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 386, Misc. John V. Short, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 387, Misc. Teresa M. Smith, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 388, Misc. Herbert Lee Foster, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 393, Misc. William Walker, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 395, Misc. Robert L. King, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
56
No. 398, Misc. Lewis Miles, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 401, Misc. Ray L. Smith, petitioner, v. Kern Truck Sales, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 404, Misc. James W. Nelson, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 405, Misc. James Weaver, petitioner, v. B. C. Sacks, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 406, Misc. William E. Bryan, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 409, Misc. Percy King, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 411, Misc. Eugene Pollard, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 417, Misc. Sidney Smith, petitioner, v. Tracy A. Hand,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 418, Misc. Theophilus Ward, petitioner, v. New York et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 419, Misc. Eugene Lloyd, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 420, Misc. Hosea Payne, petitioner, v. S. S. Nabob et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 428, Misc. William A. Wynn, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion of writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 434, Misc. William Kiefaber, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsyl-
vania denied.
No. 436, Misc. Ernest Marshall, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 439, Misc. Leonard Ewing Scott, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of California in and for the County of Los Angeles. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
be

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
57
No. 440, Misc. Leonard Ewing Scott, petitioner, v. Superior
Court of California in and for the County of Los Angeles, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California de-
nied.
No. 441, Misc. Leonard Ewing Scott, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of California in and for the County of Los Angeles, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 442, Misc. Ambrose King, petitioner, v. Corrections Commis-
sion and Parole Board Members et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 443, Misc. Jesse James Conklin, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 448, Misc. Ralph Darling, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 453, Misc. Perry W. Moore, etc., petitioner, v. Martin J.
Wiman, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Alabama denied.
No. 454, Misc. Charles Schneider, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 455, Misc. David Taylor, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York de-
nied.
No. 457, Misc. Robert Wesley, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 461, Misc. John J. Clouthier, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 462, Misc. Eli Herman Hutcherson, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 465, Misc. Mathew Mack Callahan, petitioner, v. W. K. Cun-
ningham, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 466, Misc. Charles Winfred Myles, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 483, Misc. George D. Hagewood, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
58
No. 491, Misc. Donald F. Wallace, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 492, Misc. John Bell, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 34, Misc. Fay Ward, Jr., petitioner, v. John Turner, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 87, Misc. Victor Harry Feguer, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 407, Misc. Earl T. Penrice, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari and for other relief to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 432, Misc. Earl J. Brinson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari and for other relief to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 464, Misc. John Arnold Powell, petitioner, v. Harold V.
Langlois, Warden;
No. 488, Misc. Amancio Castro Perez, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 509, Misc. Eduardo Forestier, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden;
No. 510, Misc. Vincente Rivera Valpais, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 511, Misc. Rafael Vargas Pacheco, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 512, Misc. Carlos Luciano Perez, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 513, Misc. Manuel Planellas Gonzalez, petitioner, v. D. M.
Heritage, Warden;
No. 514, Misc. Edward Muza, petitioner, v. California et al.;
No. 525, Misc. Alfred Linus DeMarios, petitioner, v. H. G. Coch-
ran, Jr., Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 530, Misc. Julio Diaz Santos, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden;
No. 537, Misc. Rafael Velilla Arrieta, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;
No. 538, Misc. Fernando Lucret Galarza, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
59
No. 539, Misc. Luis Mendoza Carrion, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden; and
No. 540, Misc. Alexander P. Martinez, petitioner, v. Fred R.
Dickson, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 506, Misc. John P. Carmelo, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT of MandamUS DENIED
No. 335, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Richard H. Chambers,
Chief Judge, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 422, October Term, 1961. William Link, petitioner, v.
Wabash Railroad Company. Petitions for rehearing and reargu-
ment denied. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1020 Misc., October Term, 1961. J. Edward Pugh, peti-
tioner, v. Virginia. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pur-
suant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 42, and that such
allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief
Justice,
For the First Circuit, Arthur J. Goldberg, Associate Justice,
For the Second Circuit, John M. Harlan, Associate Justice,
For the Third Circuit, William J. Brennan, Jr., Associate
Justice,
For the Fourth Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice,
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice,
For the Sixth Circuit, Potter Stewart, Associate Justice,
For the Seventh Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice,
For the Eighth Circuit, Byron R. White, Associate Justice,
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice,.
For the Tenth Circuit, Byron R. White, Associate Justice.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1962
RECESS ORDER
60
00
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 22, until Mon-
day, November 5, 1962.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 16. Shotwell Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Argument continued by Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. George B. Christensen for the
petitioners.
No. 40. Gilbertville Trucking Co., Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Leave granted Mr. Loyd M. Starrett to appear and
present oral argument for the appellants, pro hac vice, on motion of
Mr. Lionel Kestenbaum. Argued by Mr. Loyd M. Starrett for the
appellants, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Lionel
Kestenbaum for the appellees.
No. 27. Burlington Truck Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 28. General Drivers and Helpers Union, Local 554, etc., appel-
lant, v. United States et al. Argument commenced by Mr. David
Axelrod for the appellants in No. 27 and continued by Mr. David D.
Weinberg for the appellants in No. 28.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 16, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 27 (and 28), 42 (43, and 44), 46, and 48 (and 50).

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Roger C. Cramton, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. William
S. Cheatham; James E. Cunningham, Sr., of San Bernardino, Calif.,
Harold R. Vague, of Denver, Colo., Charles Weldon Kirk, of Sweet-
water, Tex., J. Varick Tunney, of Riverside, Calif., Victor Hugo
Negron, of Abilene, Tex., and Donald W. O'Brien, of New Britain,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Maurice Francis Biddle; Donald Gallagher,
of San Francisco, Calif., and Theodore Groezinger, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Wallace Scott
Myers, of San Anselmo, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ashley Sellers; Alf
Rusten Stavig, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Tom Killefer;
Warren Sherman Richardson, of Fillmore, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Byron Nicholson Scott; John P. Lipscomb, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. George W. Beatty; Lewis S. Pendleton, Jr., of Rich-
mond, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry F. Butler; William J. Harbison,
of Nashville, Tenn., and Robert C. Norman, of August, Ga., on motion
of Mr. James A. Bistline; Granville Robert Patrick, of Richmond,
Va., and Samuel Watts Phillips, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr.
Norman W. Golden; John Thomas Lynch, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Maurice N. Ray; George Thomas Kalaris, of Billings,
Mont., on motion of Mr. Richard Drain; and Brice McAdoo Clagett,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thaddeus G. Holt, Jr., were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 27. Burlington Truck Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 28. General Drivers and Helpers Union, Local 554, etc., appel-
lant, v. United States et al. Argument continued by Mr. David D.
Weinberg for the appellant in No. 28, by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for
appellees, the United States and Interstate Commerce Commission
and concluded by Mr. J. Max Harding for appellee, Nebraska Short
Line Carriers, Inc.
No. 42. United States, appellant, v. Loew's Incorporated et al.;
No. 43. Loew's Incorporated et al., appellants, v. United States;
and
650278-62--12

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1962
62
No. 44. C & C Super Corp., appellant, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the appellant in No. 42 and for the
appellee in Nos. 43 and 44, by Mr. Louis Nizer for appellees in No. 42
and appellants in No. 43, Loew's Incorporated, Associated Artists
Production Inc. and United Artists Corporation, by Mr. Myles J.
Lane for appellee in No. 42 and appellant in No. 43, Screen Gems,
Inc., by Mr. Mervin C. Pollak for the appellant in No. 44 and by
Mr. Justin M. Golenbock for appellee in No. 42, National Telefilm
Associates, Inc.
No. 46. Southern Construction Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Samuel J. Pickard, etc. Argued by Mr. William J. Harbison for
the petitioners and by Mr. Edward Gallagher for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 17, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 48 (and 50), 19, and 81.
☑
r

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
63
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Larry Luster Gollaher, of Seagoville, Tex., and Richard R. Ryder,
of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; Stephen Wright Craig, of Jefferson, Maine, on motion of Mr.
John Gregory Bruce; David W. Craig, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; J. Frederick Hoffman, of Lafayette,
Ind., on motion of Mr. William Holmes Cook; Martin J. Andrew, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Alexander Heron; Henry E. Millson,
Jr., of Berkeley Heights, N.J., on motion of Mr. C. Dinwiddie Stores;
Robert B. Langstaff, of Albany, Ga., and David Robert Cumming,
Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill; Richard Gyory,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Abraham J. Harris; William
G. Tucker, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard Bruce
Bilder; William R. Tincher, of Lakewood, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Carleton Allen Harkrader; and John L. Freeman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Demuth, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 48. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Tennessee Gas
Transmission Company et al.; and
No. 50. City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Tennessee
Gas Transmission Company et al. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer
for the petitioner in No. 48, by Mr. Charles S. Rhyne for the peti-
tioner in No. 50, by Mr. Harry S. Littman for respondent, Tennessee
Gas Transmission Company, and by Mr. Brooks E. Smith for re-
spondents, The Manufacturers Light and Heat Company, The Ohio
Fuel Gas Company, and United Fuel Gas Company. Memorandum
for petitioner to come.
No. 19. Charles Paul, Director of Agriculture of California, et al.,
appellants, v. United States. Argument commenced by Mr. John
Fourt for the appellants and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox
for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 18, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 19, 81, 69, and 41.
650278 62 18

CORRECTED COPY
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1962
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James J. McCarthy, of Santa Monica, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Robert Adelson, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Gribbon; Walter G. Holden, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. David Ferber; Earl I. Sherman,
of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Wender; C. Russell
Lockwood, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Monte M. Taylor;
Roland Duke Ealey, of Richmond, Va., and Thomas L. Hicks, Jr., of
Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Clarence W. Newsome; Carlisle
Martin Moore, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Abraham
A. Saffitz; Frederick J. Frosch, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of
Mr. Irving Kator; Elsie Brown Silverman, of Amarillo, Tex., and
Ely Silverman, of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Franklin David
Wolffe; Anthony Carmen Moscatello, of Washington, D.C., and Hu-
bert Mark Schlosberg, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Harvey
Allen Jacobs; Paul A. Frank, of Schenectady, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Frank L. Neuhauser; and John W. Hanifin, of Richmond, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Hewitt Biaett, were admitted to practice.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 348, Misc. John Bizup, Jr., petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 19. Charles Paul, Director of Agriculture of California, et al.,
appellants, v. United States. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Cox for the appellee and concluded by Mr. John Fourt for the
appellants.
No. 81. United States, appellant, v. Georgia Public Service Com-
mission. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellant and
by Mr. Paul Rodgers for the appellee.
No. 69. United States, appellant, v. Ralph L. Sampson et al.
Argued by Mr. Howard P. Willens for the appellant and by Mr. Ran-
dolph W. Thrower for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, October 22, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
650278-62-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
65
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
L. Marie Van Hise, of Washington, D.C., George Albert Trigueros,
of Sacramento, Calif., Bernard Raymond Coyle, of Los Angeles,
Calif., John N. Crudup, of Gainesville, Ga., Donald H. C. Low, of
Honolulu, Hawaii, Michael Sarsfield Bohan, of New York, N.Y.,
Joseph Anthony Cullen, of New York, N.Y., Arthur J. Rouse, of
Nanuet, N.Y., and Eugene F. Trunko, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Mary Jo Grotenrath, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio, and Marian L. Paisley, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion
of Miss Helen Rose Lally; John R. Donnelly, of Newburgh, N.Y.,
Alfred C. Brinson, of Greenville, N.C., and Paul Sidoran, of Scar-
borough, Maine, on motion of Mr. Maurice Francis Biddle; Theodore
R. Lee, of Woodstock, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus
Rhyne; William E. Hanzen, of Pendleton, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Guy Cordon; Frederick A. Miller, of West Allis, Wis., on motion of
Mr. Robert F. Milota; John W. Glendening, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. William R. Connole; Richard M. Montecucco, of
Olympia, Wash., and Ralph G. Swanson, of Olympia, Wash., on mo-
tion of Mr. Joseph Peter Adams; Murray Gomer, of Beverly Hills,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph L. Nellis; Peter J. Schlesinger, of
New York, N.Y., and Max Zimny, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Morris P. Glushien; Joseph F. O'Neil, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Leon M. Shinberg; Jimmy W. Kiser, of Charlotte,
N.C., on motion of Mr. Paul A. Kovar; Aaron L. Buchsbaum, of
Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Herbert N. Maletz; John S. Battle,
Jr., of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Scott P. Crampton; Hays
Varnes Hettinger, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. James D.
Hill; John B. Young, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fran-
cis D. Thomas, Jr., Robert J. Cooke, of Westminster, Md., on motion
of Mr. Claudius Rogers Hall, Jr.; Charles W. Jamieson, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Raymond Negus; Lloyd J. Seay, of North
Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. Franz Otto Willenbucher; Her-
man T. Benn, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Roland D. Ealey;
Richard Francis Sullivan, of Rutland, Vt., on motion of Mr. Thomas
M. Debevoise; Maurice B. Wigderson, of Mequon, Wis., on motion
650278--62- -15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
66
of Mr. Benedict F. Fitzgerald, Jr.; Hugh Latimer, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Howard Adler, Jr.; and Elijah Curran Bur-
nett, Jr., of Spartanburg, S.C., James Robert Turner, Sr., of Spar-
tanburg, S.C., George Stuart DePass, of Spartanburg, S.C., James
Barnett Stephen, of Spartanburg, S.C., Horace Carroll Smith, of
Spartanburg, S.C., Paul Miller Moore, of Spartanburg, S.C., Paul
Stanley McChesney, Jr., of Spartanburg, S.C., Milton Alfred Smith,
of Spartanburg, S.C., M. Noel Turner, of Spartanburg, S.C., James
O. Thomason, of Spartanburg, S.C., Thomas Emmet Walsh, of Spar-
tanburg, S.C., Harold C. Hanna, of Woodruff, S.C., and William
Kyle Cox, Sr., of Woodruff, S.C., on motion of Mr. Matthew Polia-
koff, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 191. Julia Ioannou, appellant, v. New York et al. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 299. Thomas M. Kavanagh et al., appellants, v. Sanford A.
Brown, Treasurer of Michigan, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 304. Fred S. Geer, Executor etc., et al., appellants, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 307. Consolidated Rock Products Company et al., appellants,
v. City of Los Angeles. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan are of the opinion that prob-
able jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 324. Alabama et al., petitioners, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of
certiorari, judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
F

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
67
No. 327. City of Akron et al., appellants, v. Ohio ex rel. Mark
McElroy, Attorney General. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 18, Misc. Edward Walton, Jr., petitioner, v. Arkansas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari, judgment vacated and case
remanded to that court for further consideration in light of Hamilton
v. Alabama, 368 U.S. 52, or for such other appropriate proceedings as
may be available under state law for resolution of the constitutional
claim. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is granted and the
State of New Jersey is allowed sixty days to answer.
No. 53, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Jules Chopak.
It having been reported to the Court that Jules Chopak, of Brook-
lyn, State of New York, has been disbarred from the practice of law
in all the courts of the State of New York by judgment of the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, First
Judicial Department, duly entered on the 30th day of June A.D.,
1960, and this Court by order of April 6, 1962, having suspended the
said Jules Chopak from the practice of law in this Court and directed
that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon
the respondent, who has filed a return thereto; now, upon considera-
tion of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid;
It is ordered that the said Jules Chopak be, and he is hereby dis-
barred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys ad-
mitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 305. A. J. Whipple et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 316. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, et al., petitioners, v. Anna
Mae Allen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of North Carolina granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
68
No. 322. Alexander T. Sperry, petitioner, v. State of Florida ex rel.
the Florida Bar. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 302. Luz Porrata Y Veve, etc., petitioner, v. Fajardo Sugar Co.
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Puerto
Rico denied.
No. 306. Robert E. Walsh, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Charles H. Carnal, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 313. Ripple Sole Corporation, petitioner, v. American Biltrite
Rubber Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 315. New England Tank Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 320. E. J. Lavino and Company, petitioner, v. United States
Lines Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 321. Kaltrieder Construction, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 325. Eve Spiro John, petitioner, v. Tribune Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 326. Julius Mendelson et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 328. Fox Turkey Farms, Inc., petitioner, v. Farmers Mutual
Hail Insurance Company of Iowa. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Virginia Milanovich, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 308. Floyd Dinan et al., petitioners, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.

#
MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
69
No. 314. James R. Hoffa et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 317. Hardware Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Adam
McIntyre;
No. 318. United States Fidelity & Guaranty Company, petitioner,
v. Horace Hart; and
No. 319. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Marcos V. Aguirre, Jr. The motion for leave to file an amended
brief in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari in No. 317 is
granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 82, Misc. Robert Thompson, petitioner, v. Donald C. Clemmer,
Director, Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 108, Misc. Isaiah Andrews, petitioner, v. Olin Blackwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 121, Misc. William L. P. Burke, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid,
Supt., District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 193, Misc. Elwood Sawyer, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 216, Misc. Ralph Tuttle, petitioner, v. Maine. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine denied.
No. 232, Misc. Frank G. Bagley, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 327, Misc. Manuel Joe Chavez and Clyde Bates, petitioners, v.
Fred R. Dickson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 352, Misc. Trent Boyes, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 356, Misc. Raymond Richardson, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
70
No. 365, Misc. Erasmo Cintron Garcia, petitioner, v. D. M. Her-
itage, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 370, Misc. Dennis Surratt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Joseph A. Bolden, Jr., petitioner, v. Paul F. Pege-
low et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 375, Misc. Lowell Lee Andrews, petitioner, v. Tracy A. Hand,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 416, Misc. John J. de Mello, petitioner, v. Harold V. Langlois,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island denied.
No. 421, Misc. Ben Read, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 429, Misc. Leland Roy Baugus and Nicholas Joseph Sikalis,
petitioners, v. Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 431, Misc. Ernestine Foster, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 433, Misc. Lester Newton, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 447, Misc. Robert James Foster, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California denied.
No. 469, Misc. Charles Johnson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 470, Misc. Samuel Bybee, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 473, Misc. Guy Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. R. B. Eckle,
Superintendent, London Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 486, Misc. Jesse L. Hughes, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 20, Misc. Raymond E. Davies, petitioner, v. Dr. Russell O.
Settle, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied, the Court having
"

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1962
71
duly noted the undertaking of the Solicitor General that the Gov-
ernment will not contest the vacation of petitioner's adult commit-
ment if a motion under 28 U.S.C. 2255 is filed in the sentencing court.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS Dewied
No. 150, Misc. William L. P. Burke, petitioner, v. Sam Anderson,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail, et al.; and
No. 527, Misc. Louis Gene Menard, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 5, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 5, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 11, 26, 58, and 66.
Х
W
H
18
H

NU
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Charles A. Donelan, of Hyattsville, Md., Lester R. Uretz, of Alex-
andria, Va., Robert C. Weaver, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ralph Andrew
Ashton, of Baltimore, Md., Joseph J. Kessler, of Washington D.C.,
Dwight J. Dalbey, of Bethesda, Md., and Henry L. Diamond, of Chat-
tanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Benjamin Allston Moore, Jr., of Charleston, S.C., on motion of Mr.
Leavenworth Colby; Jack Egon Guenther, of San Antonio, Tex., and
Robert H. Rice, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul J. Kil-
day; James G. Whyte, of Claremont, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert
Mack Weston; Harry W. McGalliard, of Raleigh, N.C., on motion of
Mr. Ralph Moody; Leticia A. Tedeschi Sant'Agata, of San Juan,
P.R., on motion of Mr. Julius Greisman; George H. Bovingdon, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Kenneth A. Cox; Burt
M. Morewitz, of Newport News, Va., on motion of Mr. Paul H. Gantt;
Thomas J. Greer, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. M. Ted
Raptes; Alfred Hinds Carter, of Silver Spring, Md., Douglas Hamil-
ton Moore, Jr., of Rockville, Md., Richard Joseph Sincoff, of Rock-
ville, Md., Robert A. Kaloosdian, of Watertown, Mass., Vasken Min-
asian, of Anchorage, Alaska, Watts Earl Davis, of Birmingham Ala.,
and J. M. Breckenridge, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Andrew J. Ryan, Jr., of Savannah, Ga., John
Seaborn Harrison, of Stone Mountain, Ga., and Sylvan Adler Gar-
funkel, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Gresham Harrison; Leon-
ard Henry Monroe, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Julius
I. Fox; Lewis Stanton Garner, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mrs. Helen W. Nies; Sanford Dean Kaufman, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur D. Schaffer; George A. Kampmann, of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Winchester Kelso; Richard S. Fuller,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. David A. Sutherland; John L. Don-
ahue, Jr., of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Marvin S. Cohen; Lester
Stein, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Paul E. Treusch; Eric P.
Schellin, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Felix A. Russell;
John Pettit Nelson, Jr., of New Orleans, La., and Nils R. Douglas, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Robert F. Collins; Robert L.
650278-62- -16
'W

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
73
Sigmon, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Gerald J. Dunworth;
Paul A. Downing, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ira S. Siegler;
Stanley J. Zabar, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore H.
Wachtel; and William Gaston Pearson II, of Durham, N.C., on motion
of Mr. Jack Greenberg, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 42. United States, appellant, v. Loew's Incorporated et al.;
No. 43. Loew's Incorporated et al., appellants, v. United States; and
No. 44. C & C Super Corp., appellant, v. United States. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York. Judgments vacated and cases remanded for further pro
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Goldberg. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom
Mr. Justice Stewart joins concurring in part and dissenting in part.
No. 46. Southern Construction Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States for the Use of Samuel J. Pickard, d/b/a Pickard
Engineering Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed insofar
as it relates to the counterclaim and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 200. Edward J. Wetzel, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to substitute Margie Wetzel,
Administratrix of the Estate of Edward J. Wetzel in the place of
Edward J. Wetzel as the party appellant is granted. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black would note probable juris-
diction. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr.
Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Steward join.
No. 330. Citizens Utilities Company of California, appellant, v.
Superior Court of California, County of Sacramento, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate
District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
74
No. 351. W. A. Brookshire, appellant, v. Missouri. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Missouri. The appeal is dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 352. W. A. Brookshire, appellant, v. Dorothy C. Contestible,
Administratrix, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Missouri.
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 353. Teresa Grisanti, etc., appellant, v. The City of Cleveland
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 360. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The motions to af-
firm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas would note probable juris-
diction.
No. 367. United States, appellant, v. Bliss & Laughlin, Inc. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Southern District
of California. Judgment vacated and case remanded for reconsidera-
tion in light of Brown Shoe Co., Inc. v. United States, 370 U.S. 294.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 564, Misc. Maury Gluckstern, appellant, v. New York. Ap-
peal from the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York,
First Judicial Department. The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 5. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People, etc, petitioner, v. Frederick T. Gray, Attorney General of
Virginia, et al. The motion to substitute Robert Y. Button et al. in
the place of Frederick T. Gray et al, as parties respondent is granted.
No. 80. Mark E. Schlude et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion of American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants for leave to participate in oral argument, as
amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 91. Ivan C. McLeod, Regional Director for the Second Region
of the National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Empresa Hon-
durena de Vapores, S.A.; and
18
མ
ไม
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
75
No. 93. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, S.A. The motion of The
Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern
Ireland for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 104. New Jersey et al., appellants, v. New York, Susquehanna
and Western Railroad Company. The motion of Railway Labor Ex-
ecutives' Association for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 489. Raymond Downum, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for appointment of counsel is granted and it is ordered that
Richard Tinsman, Esquire, of San Antonio, Texas, be, and he is here-
by, appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 491. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 494. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States. The
motions for appointment of counsel are granted and it is ordered that
E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr., Esquire, of Washington, D.C., a member
of the Bar of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as
counsel for petitioners in these cases.
No. 573, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Ellis Brod-
stein. Ellis Brodstein, Esquire, of Reading, Pennsylvania, having
resigned as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his
name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in this
Court. The rule to show cause heretofore issued is discharged.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 332. Fenelon Boesche, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted limited to the question presented by the
petition which reads as follows:
Whether the Secretary of the Interior has authority under Section
31 of the Mineral Leasing Act, as amended, to cancel oil and gas
leases by administrative action, for failure to comply with the De-
partment's regulations.
The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 127, Misc. Henry Rogers Anderson, petitioner, v. Kentucky.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky granted.
transferred to the appellate docket.
Case
20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
CERTIORARI DENIED
76
16
No. 241. John Torpats, petitioner, v. John A. McCone. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 275. Estate of Floyd B. Faulkerson, etc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 300. Socony Mobil Oil Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Brooklyn
Union Gas Company et al.;
No. 303. Marathon Oil Company, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Union
Gas Company et al.;
No. 339. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation, petitioner,
v. Brooklyn Union Gas Company et al.; and
No. 344. Brooklyn Union Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 329. Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, petitioner, v. Lee B.
Thompson, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 333. City of Detroit et al., petitioners, v. Theatre Control Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 336. L. K. Peterson et al., petitioners, v. Herbert E. Tharp.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Hugh Erbie Brooks et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 341. H. L. Dillon, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Michel T. Halbouty
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
denied.
No. 342. Robert N. Baehr et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 343. Akshun Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
North Star Ice Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 345. Benjamin Colby, petitioner, v. Sarah P. Colby. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 346. Santa Maria Shipowning & Trading Company, S.A., et al.,
petitioners, v. Fanorios Panteloglou et al. Petition for writ of certi-
650278-62-17
H
་
1
.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
77
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 348. Evelyn Lundberg, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Rose
Fuel & Materials, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 350. George Beck, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 354. The United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania, and the Judges Thereof, petitioners, v. Timothy
J. Mahoney et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 356. William A. Tripp, petitioner, v. Irene F. Tripp. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 357. J. Newton Bramblett et al., petitioners, v. W. Francis
Wilson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ari-
zona denied.
No. 358. J. E. Audet et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 359. Ruby Nafie, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 361. Jesse Colpo, petitioner, v. Highway Truck Drivers and
Helpers, Local 107, of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 363. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Dave W. Ling, Judge
of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 366. Earl C. Corey, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 387. Laurence M. Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 369. John A. Perricone et al., petitioners, v. New Jersey et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 371. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
E. H. Milstead; and
No. 382. Brotherhood of Locomotive Fireman and Enginemen, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. E. H. Milstead. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
78
No. 372. Troy B. Cade et al., petitioners, v. City of Monroe. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 374. Francesco Todaro, petitioner, v. Thomas M. Pederson,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 410. Jackson Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Jack D. Clarke,
Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 331. Samuel Klapholz, petitioner, v. P. A. Esperdy, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 349. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. Flame
Coal Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that ceriorari should be granted.
No. 365. Kalman Greenhill, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 337. Ben E. Pederson, petitioner, v. Minnesota et al. The
motion for leave to dispense with printing the petition is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 355. Theron C. Lynd, Circuit Clerk and Registrar of Voters
of Forrest County, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 364. James R. Hoffa et al., petitioners, v. Honorable Joseph P.
Lieb, United States District Judge for the Southern District of
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White and Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 60, Misc. Frank Smoker, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 91, Misc. Edgar Labat, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
M'

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
79
No. 104, Misc. Donald Charles Rollins, petitioner, v. Walter Dun-
bar, Director, Department of Corrections, California, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 113, Misc. Ralph Rosania, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 124, Misc. William J. Bowie, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 145, Misc. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 220, Misc. Anthony Perpiglia, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 252, Misc. James Jackson, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent et al., State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western
District, denied.
No. 277, Misc. Lawrence Burrow, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 281, Misc. Herman L. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 303, Misc. Ralph H. McCalip, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 305, Misc. John P. Mann, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 316, Misc. Lee Edgar Sartain, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 318, Misc. Warren Albert Swanson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 323, Misc. Elmer Ransome Hughes, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 330, Misc. John Threatt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
80
No. 354, Misc. David Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 377, Misc. Robert F. Cashion, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 392, Misc. Felix Marvin Jordan, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama de-
nied.
No. 399, Misc. Jasper C. Pressley, alias Harold T. Jones, peti-
tioner, v. George England, Director of Motor Vehicles, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 402, Misc. David R. Tuthill, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 426, Misc. Harry Joseph Payne, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 460, Misc. Sylvester Summers, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 468, Misc. Ernest Cornes, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 471, Misc. Harold E. Chase, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied.
No. 472, Misc. John J. Hayes, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 474, Misc. Hubert Richard Carr, Jr., petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 477, Misc. John D. Giagnocavo, petitioner, v. American Can
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 478, Misc. Harry Levine, etc., petitioner, v. Radio Corpora-
tion of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

་།
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
81
No. 479, Misc. Fred Hunter, petitioner, v. Honorable William G.
Juergens, Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. Joseph J. Carr, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 481, Misc. John Lloyd Jacobs, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia de-
nied.
No. 484, Misc. John Williams, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 489, Misc. Ernest Reed, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New Yerk denied.
No. 490, Misc. William Foy Turpin, petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 493, Misc. John Robert Duff, petitioner, v. Maryand. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland de-
nied.
No. 499, Misc. Edward Wimbush, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 500, Misc. Herbert B. Carmack, petitioner, v. Martin J.
Wiman, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Alabama denied.
No. 517, Misc. Edward Barker, petitioner, v. Ohio et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 519, Misc. John McConnon, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Richard
Raoul-Duval et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 521, Misc. Charles E. O'Connor, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 524, Misc. Harold E. Davis, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 526, Misc. Richard Lee Snead, petitioner, v. Warden of the
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 563, Misc. Maury Gluckstern, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
82
No. 247, Misc. Lloyd Eldon Miller, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Doug-
las is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
Leave To FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 587, Misc. Harry D. Smith, petitioner, v. Felix Rodriguez.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 533, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 552, Misc. Ellis Patterson, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 475, Misc. Jackson Brewing Company, petitioner, v. The
Honorable Ben C. Connally, Judge of the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Texas. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 292. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, petitioner, v. Overnite Trans-
portation Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 30, Misc. Lawson Edward Schaber, petitioner, v. Ohio; and
No. 73, Misc. Alpheus Holiday, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
ASSIGNMENT ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Jus-
tice Reed (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Claims beginning November 5, 1962, and ending June 30,
1963, and for such further time as may be required to complete un-
finished business, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 294 (a), is ordered entered
on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
บ

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1962
ORAL ARGUMENT
83
No. 11. John Thomas Avent et al., petitioners, v. North Carolina.
Argued by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioners and by Mr. Ralph
Moody for the respondent.
No. 26. William Griffin et al., petitioners, v. Maryland. Argued
by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. Robert C.
Murphy for the respondent.
No. 58. Rudolph Lombard et al., petitioner, v. Louisiana. Argued
by Mr. John P. Nelson, Jr., for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 6, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 58, 66, 67, 71, and 68.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
84
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Joseph B. McGinty, Sr., of Elberton, Ga., Gerald Peter Choppin,
of Washington, D.C., Sidney G. Kingsley, of Washington, D.C.,
George E. Fedor, of Cleveland, Ohio, and James Zeno Barker, of Clin-
ton, Okla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; John
J. D. Kooken, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Nathan J. Rob-
erts; Richard Anthony Baenen, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
John W. Cragun; David Kanner, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Marion Edwyn Harrison; Donald Lee Hollowell, of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Jack Greenberg; Owen J. Neighbours, of Indianapo-
lis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Milo G. Coerper; Walter R. Brown, of St.
Louis, Mo., Daniel LeRoy Monson, of Springfield, Va., John Lynn
Davis, of Spokane, Wash., and Dennis Henry Pottratz, of Spokane,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Paul O. Ritter; E. Clinton Bamberger, Jr.,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. E. Riley Casey; David Morton
Schwartz, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry J. Vinskey;
Robert John Skahan, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. William
B. Wright; and Robert E. Lusk, of Kansas City, Mo., and Gordon C.
Smith, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Neil Brooks, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 58. Rudolph Lombard et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Argued
by Mr. Jack P. F. Gremillion for the respondent and by Mr. John P.
Nelson, Jr., for the petitioners. Memorandum for petitioners to come.
No. 66. James Gober et al., petitioners, v. City of Birmingham.
Argued by Mrs. Constance B. Motley for the petitioners and by Mr.
Watts E. Davis for the respondent.
No. 67. F. L. Shuttlesworth et al., petitioners, v. City of Birming-
ham. Argued by Mrs. Constance B. Motley for the petitioners and by
Mr. Watts E. Davis for the respondent.
No. 71. James Richard Peterson et al., petitioners, v. City of Green-
ville. Argued by Mr. Matthew J. Perry for the petitioners and by Mr.
Theodore A. Snyder, Jr., for the respondent.
+
1
650278-62-18

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1962
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
85
The day call for Wednesday, November 7, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 71, 68, 87, and 23 (and 47).
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
86
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Henry T. Chance, of Augusta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Harry S.
Wender; Griffin Smith, of Little Rock, Ark., and Daggett H. Howard,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Malcolm Sparhawk Lang-
ford; Patrick H. Swearingen, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Albert F. Bietel; Robert H. Murray, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert E. Redding; David J. Danelski, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Curtis T. Youngblood; and Edward J. Lesak,
of Westchester, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles W. Mander, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 71. James Richard Peterson et al., petitioners, v. City of Green-
ville. Argued by Mr. Theodore A. Snyder, Jr., for the respondent
and by Mr. Matthew J. Perry for the petitioners.
No. 68. Nathaniel Wright et al., petitioners, v. Georgia. Argued
by Mr. James M. Nabrit III for the petitioners and by Mr. Sylvan A.
Garfunkel for the respondent.
No. 11. John Thomas Avent et al., petitioners, v. North Carolina;
No. 26. William L. Griffin et al., petitioners, v. Maryland;
No. 58. Rudolph Lombard et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana;
No. 66. James Gober et al., petitioners, v. City of Birmingham;
No. 67. F. L. Shuttlesworth et al., petitioners, v. City of Birming-
ham; and
No. 71. James Richard Peterson et al., petitioners, v. City of Green-
ville. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the United States, as
amicus curiae, by special leave to Court, by Mr. Joseph S. Kaufman
for the respondent in No. 26 and by Mr. J. M. Breckenridge for the
respondent in Nos. 66 and 67.
No. 87. Local No. 438 Construction & General Laborers' Union,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. S. J. Curry et al., etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John S. Patton for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Edwin Pearce for the petitioner.
650278-62- -19

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1962
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
87
The day call for Thursday, November 8, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 87, 23 (and 47), and 57.
X
"

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1962
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Arthur Chew Meade, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Laurence
H. Axman; Anne Marie Olson Thompson, of Seattle, Wash., and
Howard J. Thompson, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Howard
Irving Baynton; Joe R. Haynes, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn., and William
Robert Jarnagin, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Earl
Kintner; Paul Larry Butt, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence J. Simmons; Joseph Aronstein, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Irving Malchman; George D. Hillstrom, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; William E. Hegarty, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; James Francis
Volpert, of Peru, Ind., on motion of Mr. Kenneth McFarlane Smith:
Charles Chase McCarter, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Jerome
Ackerman; and Robert Eugene Smith, of Randallstown, Md., on mo-
tion of Mr. Bernard Rowitz, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 87. Local No. 438 Construction & General Laborers' Union,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. S. J. Curry et al., etc. Argument continued
by Mr. Edwin Pearce for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Robert
B. Langstaff for the respondents.
No. 23. Pan American World Airways, Inc., appellant, v. United
States; and
No. 47. United States, appellant, v. Pan American World Airways,
Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellee in
No. 23 and for the appellant in No. 47, by Mr. David W. Peck for
the appellant in No. 23 and the appellee in No. 47, Pan American
World Airways, Inc., and by Mr. Lawrence J. McKay for the appellee
in No. 47, W. R. Grace & Co.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 13, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 13, 1962, will be as follows:
No. 8, Original.
650278-62-20

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
89
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Harold O. Pressman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Stanley Mosk; Theodor W. Rehmann, Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa, on
motion of Mr. David Kammerman; Eugene Krasicky, of Hamtramck,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur Sparks; David N. Bortin, of Con-
cord, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser; Roy H. Mann, of
Corona, Calif., and Justin M. McCarthy, of Riverside, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Northcutt Ely; Gordon Lee Llewellyn, Jr., of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Lewis Andrew Carroll; Marwin S. Cassel, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. George J. Goldsbough, Jr.; Kenneth M.
Schwartz, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Timothy L. Born-
stein; Andrew Jackson Lewis, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Andrew Jack Lewis; H. Rodger Howell, of Santa Ana, Calif.,
and William B. Harmon, of Santa Ana, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Charles C. Cooper; James M. Nicholson, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Milo G. Coerper; Fred Patterson Graham, of Nash-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Horace L. Flurry; David I. Hoffman,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Sol A. Hoffman; Larry C. Carl,
of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. William A. Alfs; Rudolf H.
Michaels, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. St. John Barrett;
James M. Henderson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Samuel
H. Moerman; Charles E. Powers, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Charles C. Collins; Thomas Murray Knebel, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Bryce Rea, Jr.; and Louis Rosenfield, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., and M. Barney Cohen, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Albert
A. Fiod, were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 25. William Presser, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
650278-62-21

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
The Chief Justice said:
90
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 375. Ex parte Sherman D. George, petitioner. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas. Petition for
certiorari granted. On writ, judgment vacated and case remanded to
the Supreme Court of Texas for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 452. Vito F. Lanza et al., appellants, v. Robert F. Wagner, as
Mayor of the City of New York, et al. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of New York. The motions to dismiss are granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 62. Northern Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. State Cor-
poration Commission of the State of Kansas. The motion of the
State of Texas for leave to participate in oral argument, as amicus
curiae, is denied.
No. 104. New Jersey et al., appellants, v. New York, Susquehanna
and Western Railroad Company. The motion of the National Asso-
ciation of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners for leave to file brief,
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 140. Nathan Willner, petitioner, v. Committee on Character
and Fitness, etc. The motion of the respondent to dismiss the writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 398. Tennessee, petitioner, v. Carl Myers et al. The motion
of the Attorney General of Tennessee to dismiss the petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern Division, is
granted.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of New Mexico. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. In addition to the questions listed in the juris-
dictional statement, the parties are requested to address themselves to
the issue of possible federal preemption by reason of the Federal Com-
munications Act. The Solicitor General is also invited to express the
views of the Federal Communications Commission on this issue.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
CERTIORARI GRANTED
91
No. 237, Misc. William Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calen-
dar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 113. Charles Christopher Campbell et al., petitioners, v. Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 334. Vito F. Lanza et al., petitioners, v. Robert F. Wagner,
Mayor of the City of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 377. Village of Brown Deer, petitioner, v. City of Milwaukee
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.
No. 378. Andrew V. Allison, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 379. Raymond J. Hansen et al., petitioners, v. Stewart L.
Udall, Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 384. A. Glendon Johnson, Administrator, C.T.A. Estate of
A. Gales Johnson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 385. Jay L. Dull, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 389. Agnes June Dillard, petitioner, v. Jackson's Atlanta
Ready Mix Concrete Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 390. Willie Amos Wiggs, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 391. United States, petitioner, v. Austin J. Tobin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 393. Phoenix Assurance Company of New York, petitioner, v.
City of Buckner, Missouri, et al. Motion of respondent, City of
Buckner, to assess damages and petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
{
"

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
92
No. 394. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Isabelle
M. Kuntz, etc. The motion to dispense with printing the response
to the petition for writ of certiorari is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit is denied. The Chief Justice is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 395. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of W. R. Olsen, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 396. United States, petitioner, v. Genevieve E. Frankel, Indi-
vidually and as Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 471. Mildred W. Smith, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. The Chief Justice
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 504. Roy I. Martin and Elizabeth E. Martin, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 400. Lawrence W. Goldberg, petitioner, v. United States of and
Atomic Energy Commission. The motion of Philadelphia Electric
Company to be added as a party respondent is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 88, Misc. Homer D. Ellis, petitioner, v. Martin J. Wiman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 503, Misc. Harold Collins, petitioner, v. Huntington Beach
Union High School District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 505. October Term, 1960. Joseph Alex Cota, petitioner,
v. California. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this motion.
1
1

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
93
No. 554. October Term, 1961. Lawrence Robinson, appellant,
v. California. The motion of American Civil Liberties Union of
Southern California for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Clark, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
Stewart join, dissents:
On June 25, 1962, this Court reversed appellant's conviction of the
offense of being "addicted to the use of narcotics," 370 U.S. 660.
Thereafter the State of California filed an alternate petition for re-
hearing and for an abatement of the judgment, advising the Court. for
the first time that appellant had died on August 5, 1961, some 10 days
prior to the filing here of his jurisdictional statement. Today the
Court denies the petition and by its action the mandate, which has
been stayed, will now go down. In my view this action by the Court
is but a meaningless gesture utterly useless in the disposition of the
case the appellant being dead-and, as I read our cases, is contrary
to the general policy this Court has always followed in the issuance
of its mandates.
Under our decisions this appeal abated as moot upon the death of
the appellant, Menken v. Atlanta, 131 U.S. 405 (1889), and the judg-
ment should have been vacated and the case remanded to the state
court for such proceedings as might be appropriate under state law.
This is true even though the opinion and judgment of June 25 had been
handed down prior to the notice of appellant's death. See Stewart v.
Southern R. Co., 315 U.S. 784 (1942), vacating the prior judgment in
the same case, 315 U.S. 283. Moreover, there is no question of costs in-
volved here as there was in Wetzel v. Ohio, No. 200, decided November
5, 1962. I would therefore grant the petition for rehearing and vacate
the judgment as moot.
No. 270. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
Ition, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 100. Milton J. Harris, appelant, v. The Florida Real Estate
Commission, etc., et al.;
No. 103. Myrph Johnson, petitioner, v. Texas;
No. 105. Dagmar Readey et al., appellants, v. St. Louis County
Water Company et al.;
No. 149. James W. Harlow et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 154. Ralph Richardson, petitioner, v. C. C. Brunner et al.;
No. 156. Francis D. Houston, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 160. La Maur, Inc., petitioner, v. L. S. Donaldson Company
et al.;
No. 301. George Weigel, petitioner, v. Partenweederei, MS Bal-
grano, et al.; and
i
1
1

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1962
94
No. 293, Misc. E. J. Biggs, petitioner, v. Acme Furnace Fitting
Co., Bankrupt, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 267. Mid-America Telephone Company, petitioner, v. Public
Utilities Commission of Ohio et al. The motion to dispense with
printing the petition for rehearing is granted. Petition for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion and application.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 19, 1962,
until Monday, December 3, 1962.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 8, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Six hours allowed for oral argument. Reargument
commenced by Mr. Northcutt Ely for the defendant, State of Cali-
fornia, and continued by Mr. Mark Wilmer for the complainant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 14, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 8, Original, 41, 57, and 63.
☑
M
1
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Simpson F. Holstein, of San Jose, Calif., Ellis J. Horvitz, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Horace Preston Shelton, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Benjamin Edward
Pickering, of Dallas, Tex., and Wilbur Neil Bump, of Des Moines,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark; Charles Edward Gib-
son, Jr., of St. Johnsbury, Vt., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Debevoise;
Walter R. Mansfield, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward R.
Kenney; Kendell Wooldridge Wherry, of Indialantic, Fla., on motion
of Mr. William E. Gwatkin III; Dale Fenter, of Douglas, Ariz., on
motion of Mr. Marvin S. Cohen; Wm. Francis Marion, of Greenville,
S.C., on motion of Mr. Orville Gilbert Calhoun, Jr.; Reinhold J.
Fegers, of West Hollywood, Fla., on motion of Mr. J. William Nor-
man; Carl Slater, of New Rochelle, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Burton R.
Thorman; and William D. Decker, of Galveston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 8, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Mark Wilmer for the
complainant, by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the intervener, The
United States, by Mr. R. P. Parry for the intervener, State of Nevada,
and concluded by Mr. Northcutt Ely for the defendant, State of
California.
No. 41. Lenore Foman, petitioner, v. Elvira A. Davis, Executrix.
Argued by Mr. Milton Bordwin for the petitioner and by Mr. Roland
E. Shaine for the respondent.
No. 57. Michael Cleary, petitioner, v. Edward Bolger. Argument
commenced by Mr. Irving Malchman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 15, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 57, 63, 56, and 75.
650278-62-
-22

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Louis Russell Harding II, of El Paso, Tex., Norman B. Ackley, of
Seattle, Wash., Walter Eugene Schutt, of Wilmington, Ohio, Martin
Dropkin, of Somerville, Mass., George S. Goldstein, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Harry Markovitz, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert Scott Lindsay, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., James P. Schellenger, of Philadelphia, Pa., Emerson
Samuels, of Clairton, Pa., James F. C. Hyde, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., Robert A. Roland, of Washington, D.C., Morton H. Wilner, of
Washington, D.C., Dean Ezra Sharp, of Washington, D.C., Paulus
Powell Browning, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Steven Arthur Winkel-
man, of Washington, D.C., Robert J. Shoup, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Robert Duraine Godfrey, of Cleveland, Ohio, Milton T. Daus, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Taylor Malone, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., David Moses
Green, of Brooklyn, N.Y., and Charles Lee Nutt, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; A. Vernon Carna-
han, of New York, N.Y., Samuel W. Murphy, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
Richard Lane Bond, of New York, N.Y., and Edward Emerson.
Clark, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward R. Kenney;
Alan B. Slayton, of Independence, Mo., William P. Piedimonte, of
Independence, Mo., Jack C. Terry, of Independence, Mo., and Donald
E. Benton, of Independence, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas Andrew
Pace; Frank David Gorman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Leonard J. Emmerglick; Alexander Wellford, of Richmond, Va., on
motion of Mr. Robert Harvey Chappell, Jr.; Edgar Harrison Hugh-
son, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Samuel A. Cohen; Ed-
ward John Zamm, of Norwalk, Conn., on motion of Mr. Byron B.
Gentry; Spencer Earl Harper, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., on motion of
Mr. Samuel J. Rozel; William Glenn Sumners, Jr., of Denver, Colo.,
on motion of Mr. Warren G. Elliott; and Davis A. Gueymard, of
Baton Rouge, La., Edward Clark Gaudin, of Baton Rouge, La., Bur-
rell Johnston Carter, of Greensburg, La., James Kenneth Gardner,
of San Antonio, Tex., Paul MacDonald Green, of San Antonio, Tex.,
Charles L. Smith, of San Antonio, Tex., Charles F. Sugerman, of San
Antonio, Tex., Arthur Charles Troilo, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., and
Alfonso Chapa, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. William E.
O'Donovan, were admitted to practice.
650278-62--23
41
1

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1962
ORAL ARGUMENT
97
No. 57. Michael Cleary, petitioner, v. Edward Bolger. Argument
continued by Mr. Irving Malchman for the petitioner and concluded
by Mr. Joseph Aronstein for the respondent.
No. 63. Barbara D. Ford, petitioner, v. Herman A. Ford. Argued
by Mr. W. Francis Marion for the petitioner and by Mr. Wesley M.
Walker for the respondent.
No. 56. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Sun Oil Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Hummel for the petitioner and by
Mr. Leonard J. Emmerglick for the respondent.
No. 75. Madeline C. Schroeder, appellant, v. City of New York.
Argued by Mr. Louis B. Scheinman for the appellant and by Mr.
Theodore R. Lee for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, November 19, 1962, at 10 o'clock.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
98
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Noel Frolich, of Los Angeles, Calif., Milan M. Dostal, of
Hutchinson, Minn., Harry A. Blachman, of Cleveland, Ohio, and
Alfred Del Carlo, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Archibald Cox; John C. Satterfield, of Yazoo City, Miss.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Ash; Arval A. Morris, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. John H. Pratt; Richard Warren Graham, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Leland O. Graham; Lucile Clagett,
of Washington, D.C., Norman H. Bartow, of Washington, D.C., and
H. Keith Eisaman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Emmett
Leo Sheehan; John S. Turnbull, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. William S. Tyson; John Lawrence Maduro, of St. Thomas,
V.I., on motion of Mr. William Sellman; John Russell Herman, of
Minneapolis, Minn., Douglas Leonard Williams, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Richard Kammerer Jacoby, of Dayton, Ohio, Elvir Anthony Fay,
of El Paso, Tex., Morris Paul Tenner, of New York, N.Y., and Bruce
W. McKee, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Walter I. Horlick;
Philip G. Fitz, of New York, N.Y., and Nicholas Ujlaki, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William V. Homans; Thomas Joseph
McGrimley, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Lambert McAllister;
Norman A. Zilber, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles
Kent; Harris James George, of Towson, Md., on motion of Mr. L.
Robert Evans; Martin R. Bradley, Jr., of Buffalo, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Plato Ernest Papps; Lawrence E. Laubscher, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert B. Harmon; and Leo P. Amirault,
Jr., of Euclid, Ohio, William Richard O'Malley, of Euclid, Ohio,
Donald Dale Smith, of Euclid, Ohio, Robert Michael Debevec, of
Euclid, Ohio, Charles Daniel McBride, of Euclid, Ohio, Frank Louis
Cavano, Jr., of Euclid, Ohio, Robert Frederick Niccum, of Euclid,
Ohio, Paul Joseph Hribar, of Euclid, Ohio, Daniel Richard Corcoran,
of Euclid, Ohio, Miriam J. Fingerhut, of Euclid, Ohio, Ellen Cecilia
Campbell, of Euclid, Ohio, James Edward Campbell, of Euclid, Ohio,
David A. Christopher, of Euclid, Ohio, J. J. Conway, of Cleveland,
Ohio, John Thomas Connick, of Cleveland, Ohio, John Patrick Coyne,
of Cleveland, Ohio, Joseph F. Ciaston, of Parma, Ohio, Harold
650278-62- -24
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
99
Eugene Frye, of Willoughby Hills, Ohio, and John A. Dellon, of
Willowick, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William T. Monroe, were admitted
to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 38. Los Angeles Meat and Provision Drivers Union, Local 626,
et al., appellants, v. United States. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Brennan joins. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 37. Hewitt-Robins Incorporated, petitioner, v. Eastern Freight-
Ways, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr.
Justice White join.
No. 69. United States, appellant, v. Ralph L. Sampson et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Georgia. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court For further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 445, Misc. Miles La Rose, appellant, v. Ralph Tahash,
Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opin-
ion per curiam.
Lawrence J.
No. 507, Msc. William Vitoratos, appellant, v.
Walsh, Clerk, Municipal Court of Akron. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Ohio. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers where-
on the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari
is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 119. William J. Murray, III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board of
School Commissioners of Baltimore City; and
BJ
J

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
100
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania,
et al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. The motion of The
American Jewish Committee et al. for leave to file brief, as amici
curiae, is granted.
No. 403. Banco Nacional de Cuba, petitioner, v. Peter L. F. Sab-
batino, etc., et al. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief ex-
pressing the views of the United States.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 404. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. The motion of American Federation of Labor
and Congress of Industrial Organizations for leave to file brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 368. Retail Clerks International Association, Local 1625, AFL-
CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Alberta Schermerhorn et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida is granted. Case
transferred to the summary calendar and set for argument immediately
following No. 404.
No. 405. United States, petitioner, v. Pioneer American Insurance
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 414. Michael Shenker, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 424. I. A. Watson, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. City of Memphis
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 419. Local Lodge No. 1836 of District 38 of the International
Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Local No.
1505 International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief setting
forth the views of the United States.
No. 211, Misc. Robert Galloway White, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted and petition
for writt of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland granted
limited to the point of law raised in Hamilton v. Alabama, 368 U.S. 52.
Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
CERTIORARI DENIED
101
No. 124. Atlas Scraper and Engineering Co., petitioner, v. Harry
A. Pursche. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 144. William L. Head et al., petitioners, v. Mississippi. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 388. The Erie Stone Company et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 402. Solo Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Feathercombs,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 406. Bolling R. Powell, Jr., petitioner, v. John W. Maher,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 416. In the Matter of the Application of Andrew Alford, peti-
tioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 417. Howard G. Pinder, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 418. Nichols & Company, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied
No. 420. Fred A. Ghioto et al., petitioners, v. Frank Hampton et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Goya Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 423. John D. Glynn, petitioner, v. Marjorie Doctorman Dubin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 486. Vulcan Materials Company, petitioner, v. Ernest J.
Sauber, District Director of Internal Revenue, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh District denied.
No. 409. Marie G. Waksmundzka, petitioner, Z. A. Terry et al.
Motion to dispense with printing the petition granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 411. James S. O'Connell et al., petitioners, v. United States;
and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
102
No. 412. Charles H. Lawton, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 422. City of Kansas City, Missouri, petitioner, v. Federal Pa-
cific Electric Company et al. Motion of petitioner for leave to
amend petition for certiorari granted. Motion of Westinghouse Elec-
tric Corporation et al. for leave to file brief, as amici curiae, granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 35, Misc. Raymond George Reade, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 89, Misc. Oliver Lee Ratten, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 101, Misc. Arthur N. Belanger, petitioner, v. Warden, Con-
neticut State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court of Connecticut, Hartford County, denied.
No. 102, Misc. Leo F. McCann, petitioner, v. Warden, Connecticut
State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Connecticut, Hartford County, denied.
No. 103, Misc. James Bruce Drake, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 185, Misc. Frank Price, petitioner, v. West Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West
Virginia denied.
No. 186, Misc. Samuel E. Merwin, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 195, Misc. Wiley B. Morris, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for write of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 239, Misc. Ellsworth Roberts, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 249, Misc. Leonard Dolatowski, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 320, Misc. Woodruff Pellon, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
103
No. 351, Misc. Salvatore J. Indiviglio, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 367, Misc. Bernard R. Barkan, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 383, Misc. Arthur Handley, petitioner, v. Robert Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 487, Misc. George Edward Riddle, petitioner, v. Fred R.
Dickson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 496, Misc. Walter Anderson, petitioner, v. Richard Chappell
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 498, Misc. Hurlin Delpit, petitioner, v. Nocuba Shipping Co.
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 502, Misc. Daveylee Larson, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 504, Misc. Theodore C. Ruark, petitioner, 2. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 505, Misc. Kenneth James, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 515, Misc. Marcus Goodwin, petitioner, v. Missouri et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 518, Misc. Raymond Jamison, petitioner, v. Thomas D.
O'Brien, Superintendent of Paroles, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Henry County, Illinois, denied.
No. 520, Misc. Ralph V. Bentz, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 523, Misc. Frank D. Shimko, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 535, Misc. John Wesley Elliott, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Baltimore
City Court, Maryland, denied.
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
104
No. 543, Misc. Ike Brown, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 550, Misc. Fred Arispe Cruz, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 559, Misc. Edward Gobie, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 597, Misc. Milton Jackson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 229, Misc. Gus Polites, petitioner, v. Walter A. Sahli, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 458, Misc. Silas J. Wallace, Jr., petitioner, v. District of Co-
lumbia Parole Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari and for
other relief to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 608, Misc. Morris Thomas, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden; and
No. 627, Misc. Robert E. Lee, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 337, Misc. Donald D. Foran, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 138. Helen Russell Pierce, etc., petitioner, v. Allen B. DuMont
Laboratories, Inc.;
No. 169. Luther Robinson Maddox, petitioner, v. Fidelity Invest-
ment & Title Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 204. William Henry Hackett, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 216. Real Estate Corporation, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 268. Luther Robinson Maddox, petitioner, v. Raymond O.
Shroyer et al.;
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1962
105
No. 279. Edward W. Anspach et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 79, Misc. Sally T. Hucks, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 142, Misc. Frank Puddu, petitioner, v. Royal Netherlands
Steamship Company;
No. 158, Misc. Robert D. Perry, petitioner, v. Ohio; and
No. 259, Misc. Francis Marion Black, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
Adjourned until Monday, December 3, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 3, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 24, 77, 88, 96, and 118.
Х
1
1

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1962
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 765, Misc. Patrick Mahon McGee, petitioner, v. Frank
Eyman, Superintendent, Arizona State Prison. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
650278-62-25
1
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lyman Bennion Powell, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Ernest L.
Simons, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Norbert A. Schlei, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Stephen J. Pollak; Brian J. Newman-Crawford, of Alliance,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert Davis Powers, Jr.; Dan Flynn, of
Martin, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. Paul Harkey; Samuel H. Boren-
kind, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Scott; Joaquin
Campoy, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Edward C. Fritz;
Paul L. Klein, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert F.
Guthrie; George H. Reges, of Washington, D.C., and John T. Reges,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Jackson Brodsky; Robert L.
Day, of Chicago, Ill., Jack Waaler, of Chicago, Ill., Richard G. Wit-
try, of Aurora, Ill., Carl Francis Wrench, of Monticello, Ill., and
Jerome Nelson, of Newton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Carl G. Moore;
Robert J. Kauffman, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Edward
J. Boulos; Mark L. Conroy, of Santa Monica, Calif., and Michael M.
Dowling, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. David L. Krooth;
Courtney Shands, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. W. Crosby
Roper, Jr.; Jacob F. Raskin, of New York, N.Y., and Milton Stanzler,
of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Horace S. Manges; Robert M.
Furniss, Jr., of Norfolk, Va., Harry N. Gustin, of Norfolk, Va., and
William M. Harris, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Jay M. Ball;
Samuel L. Davidson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Max C.
Louis; and Robert B. Jacobi, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Herbert J. Jacobi, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 41. Lenore Foman, petitioner, v. Elvira A. Davis, Executrix.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this
650278-62-26

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
108
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Separate memorandum by
Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice White joins.
No. 27. Burlington Truck Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 28. General Drivers and Helpers Union, Local 554, etc., appel-
lant, v. United States et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed and
cases remanded to that court with instructions to enter an order en-
joining, annulling, and setting aside the order of the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, and remanding the case to the Commission for
further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Gold-
berg with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Brennan join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark concurring
in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black concurring in part and
dissenting in part.
No. 48. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Tennessee Gas
Transmission Company et al; and
No. 50. City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Tennessee
Gas Transmission Company et al. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed insofar as it set aside the interim order of the Federal Power
Commission; otherwise it is affirmed, and the cases remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 78. Chester A. Pearlman, Trustee, petitioner, v. Reliance In-
surance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Brennan join, concurring in the re-
sult. Mr. Justice White dissents.
No. 40. Gilbertville Trucking Co., Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Massachusetts. Judgment reversed in part and case re-
manded to that court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
109
No. 222. Pensick & Gordon, Inc., petitioner, v. California Motor
Express et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for certiorari
granted. On writ, judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of California for
further consideration in light of Hewitt-Robins, Inc., v. Eastern
Freight-Ways, Inc., No. 37, October Term, 1962, decided Novem-
ber 19, 1962. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, and Mr. Justice White would affirm the judgment below for
the reasons given in the dissenting opinion in No. 37.
No. 426. Davis Lee, appellant, v. W. I. Peek et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of South Carolina. The appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 442. Roscoe C. Buckles et al., appellants, v. The Peoples Gas
Light and Coke Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 470. Stonybrook, Inc., appellant, v. Connecticut. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 473. Harry K. Ahoyian et al., appellants, v. Massachusetts
Turnpike Authority et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts. The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 452, Misc. George Napier, Sr., appellant, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 23, Misc. October Term, 1959. In the Matter of Disbar-
ment of Harry J. Alker, Jr. The petition to vacate order of disbar-
ment and reinstate order of suspension, pending action of the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
110
No. 598, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of John H.
Gately:
It having been reported to the Court that John H. Gately, of
Colorado Springs, State of Colorado, has been disbarred from the
practice of law in all the courts of the State of Colorado by judg-
ment of the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado, duly en-
tered on the 24th day of July, A.D. 1961, and this Court by order
of October 15, 1962, having suspended the said John H. Gately
from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule
issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served
upon the respondent, who has filed a return thereto; now, upon
consideration of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid;
It is ordered that the said John H. Gately be, and he is hereby
disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of at-
torneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 438. United States, appellant, v. The Singer Manufacturing
Company. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 401. United States for the Use of H. W. Moseley, d/b/a Mose-
ley Plumbing and Heating Company, petitioner, v. Electronic &
Missile Facilities, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 464. United States, petitioner, v. Carlos Muniz and Henry
Winston. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 105, Misc. Wilbert Rideau, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket.
No. 296, Misc. Alvin R. Campbell et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.

'
MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
CERTIORARI DENIED
111
No. 383. Edward Carmine Coppolla et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 413. United States for the Use and Benefit of Miles Lumber
Company et al., petitioners, v. Harrison and Grimshaw Construction
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 427. Louis Vanacek, petitioner, v. St. Louis Public Service
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 428. Jack Christian, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Theodore J.
Jemison et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 431. Arvil R. Hardcastle et al., petitioners, v. Western Grey-
hound Lines, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 432. Lacy Mathew Thompson, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 433. City Transportation Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 434. Constantinos Roumeliotis et al., petitioners, v. Immigra-
tion and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 436. Strachan Shipping Company, petitioner, v. Koninklyke
Nederlandsche Stoomboot Maalschappy, N. V., etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 439. W. A. Belcher et al., petitioners, v. George D. Patterson,
District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 440. Jiffy Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Sears Roebuck &
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 441. Robert Frederick Huff et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
650278-62-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
112
No. 443. Rufus F. and Marguerite H. Turner, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 444. United States for the Use and Benefit of the Robertson
Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Continental Casualty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 446. Joseph Castelli, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 447. Valley Morris Plan, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 448. Herman Kravitz, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 450. Leopold W. Mahler et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 453. In re Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 454. Socony Mobil Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Wall Street Traders, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Faye Lyons, petitioner, v. Elsinore C. Machris Gilliland,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 457. California Dump Truck Owners Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Heavy, Highway, Building and Construction Teamsters
Committee for Northern California et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 459. Ralph O. Brownfield, petitioner, v. Truman H. Landon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 461. Hooper Enloe Denton et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 462. Alabama Power Company et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
113
No. 465. Priscilla Alden Beach, etc., petitioner, v. Oneida National
Bank and Trust Company of Central New York et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 466. Daniels & Kennedy, Inc., petitioner, v. A/S Inger and
Illinois Atlantic Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 468. John A. Peke, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 469. United States for the Use and Benefit of Henry J. Larkin,
etc., petitioner, v. Platt Contracting Co., Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 534. The Morris Plan Company of California, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 538. Anthony Campisi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 467. James Alvado et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. Motion to defer consideration of the petition for certiorari
and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 62, Misc. Harold Lieberman, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 274, Misc. Salvatore Oddo, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 312, Misc. Douglas Ray Fletcher, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 322, Misc. John Bram, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 326, Misc. Joseph L. DeLevay, petitioner, v. National Savings
and Trust Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 343, Misc. Ples Elworth Russell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied,

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
114
No. 389, Misc. Anthony Mirra, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 394, Misc. Thomas A. Owens, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. Harold Lieberman, petitioner, v. Columbus Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 430, Misc. Johnnie Clifford McDowell, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 435, Misc. William E. Ross, petitioner, v. John T. Willing-
ham, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 463, Misc. Estanislao Cruz, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 497, Misc. Archie Louis Glover, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 501, Misc. John Albert Hatschner, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 508, Misc. Phillip Shorey, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 536, Misc. Thomas C. Hudgens, petitioner, v. Clarence T.
Gladden, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied.
No. 541, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. John Fink Mounts, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 545, Misc. William C. O'Brien, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 547, Misc. Alfred W. Kohlfuss, petitioner, v. Warden, Con-
necticut State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
115
No. 551, Misc. Willie George Boynton, Jr., petitioner, v. Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 558, Misc. Ernest P. Maldonado, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Arizona denied.
No. 560, Misc. Freedom Archey, petitioner, v. Nederlandsch-
Amerikaansche Stoomvaart Maatschappij, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Sixth Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 561, Misc. Frank Julio Sanford, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of Los Angeles County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 562, Misc. Robert Anderson et al., petitioners, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 568, Misc. Edgar Eugene Barnhill, petitioner, v. Luther
Thomas, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 570, Misc. Martin X. Sostre, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 576, Misc. Isidore Kaganovitch, petitioner, v. Walter H.
Wilkins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 577, Misc. Albert J. Kostal et al., petitioners, v. Stephen Mc-
Nichols et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
District Court for the District of Colorado denied.
No. 578, Misc. Stanley Eugene Tranowski, petitioner, v. Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 580, Misc. Fred Bates, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 582, Misc. Robert V. Bogan, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 584, Misc. Winfield I. Nicholson, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 585, Misc. Harold Lucky, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
116
No. 592, Misc. Eddie Lee White, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 595, Misc. Johnny Harper, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 612, Misc. H. Glyn Sees, Jr., petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 629, Misc. Thomas C. Cooper, petitioner, v. Connecticut.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut denied.
No. 222, Misc. Alfredo Delgado Arellanes, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 619, Misc. Ex parte Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner;
No. 630, Misc. Robert D. Perry, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden; and
No. 658, Misc. Kenneth Clark Verschoor, petitioner, v. California.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS OR PROHIBITION
DENIED
No. 654, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Honorable Thomas J.
MacBride, Judge of the Federal District Court, Sacramento, Cali-
fornia. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition denied.
No. 571, Misc. Davis Lee, petitioner, v. Judge J. B. Pruitt, Court
of Common Pleas, Anderson, South Carolina. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of prohibition and/or mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 256. In the Matter of the Estate of Annie E. Hurst, Deceased;
No. 317. Hardware Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Adam
McIntyre;
No. 318. United States Fidelity & Guaranty Company, petitioner,
v. Horace Hart; and
No. 319. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Marcos V. Aguirre, Jr.;
No. 110, Misc. Donald David Jones, petitioner, v. United States;
and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1962
117
No. 327, Misc. Manuel Joe Chavez and Clyde Bates, petitioners, v.
Fred R. Dickson, Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, appellant, v.
James S. Reily, Collector of Revenue, State of Louisiana. Reargued
by Mr. Benjamin B. Taylor, Jr., for the appellant and by Mr. Chap-
man L. Sanford for the appellee.
No. 77. John R. Jones, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham, Jr.,
Superintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. Argued by Mr. Dan-
iel J. Meador for the petitioner and by Mr. Reno S. Harp III, for
the respondent.
No. 88. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Reliance
Fuel Oil Corporation. Argued by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. S. H. Borenkind for the respondent.
No. 96. United States, petitioner, v. Buffalo Savings Bank.
Argued by Mr. John B. Jones for the petitioner and by Mr. John H.
Little for the respondent.
No. 118. Bantam Books, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Joseph A. Sul-
livan et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Horace S. Manges for the
appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 4, 1962, will be as follows: Nos.
118, 2, 3, and 18.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1962
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Omer Albert Sutherland, of Woonsocket, R.I., on motion of Mr.
John Joseph Nugent; Jacques Herts Geisenberger, Jr., of Lancaster,
Pa., and Clarence C. Newcomer, of Lancaster, Pa., on motion of Mr.
William E. Schuyler, Jr.; and George S. Parish, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Francis W. Stover, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 118. Bantam Books, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Joseph A. Sulli-
van et al. Argument continued by Mr. Horace S. Manges for the
appellants and concluded by Mr. J. Joseph Nugent for the appellees.
No. 2. Robert F. Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States,
appellant, v. Francisco Mendoza-Martinez. Reargued by Mr. Bruce
J. Terris for the appellant and by Mr. Thomas R. Davis for the
appellee.
No. 3. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State, appellant, v. Joseph Henry
Cort. One and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Reargu-
ment commenced by Mr. J. William Doolittle for the appellant and
continued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 5, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 3, 18, 14 (and 15), 21, and 22.
☑
650278-62– -28

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1962
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
| Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Marcus D. Gleisser, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Daniel M.
Friedman; William Hillyer, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr.
James Elden McFarland; Homer Mark Jensen, of Salt Lake City,
Utah, on motion of Mr. Claron Chipman Spencer; Jacob Fox, of New-
ark, N.J., on motion of Mr. John J. Donnelly; Harvey Lee Schlieman,
of Missoula, Mont., on motion of Mr. Alexander M. Heron; Stephen A.
Bromberg, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Baker; and
Lee Rittenberg Leonard, of New Orleans, La., and Will Ernest Leon-
ard, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Maurice P. Pujal, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 3. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State, appellant, v. Joseph Henry
Cort. Reargument continued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the
appellee and concluded by Mr. J. William Doolittle for the appellant.
No. 18. United States, appellant, v. National Dairy Products Corp.
et al. Reargued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the appellant and by
Mr. John T. Chadwell for the appellees.
No. 14. Mercantile National Bank at Dallas, appellant, v. C. H.
Langdeau, Receiver; and
No. 15. Republic National Bank of Dallas, appellant, v. C. H.
Langdeau, Receiver. Reargued by Mr. Hubert D. Johnson and Mr.
Marvin S. Sloman for the appellants and by Mr. William E. Cureton
and Mr. Quentin Keith for the appellee. Memoranda to come.
No. 21. United States, petitioner, v. Don Gilmore et al. Reargu-
ment commenced by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 6, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 21, 22, 35, and 76.
650278-62-29

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1962
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Jane Young, of Los Angeles, Calif., Walter H. Young, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Julian S. Gould, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Wayne Goodwin Barnett; John "Pete" Self, of Hamilton,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Kelley Edward Griffith; Tom I. McFarling,
of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Wilmer Brady
Hunt, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. William A. Bailey; William
Laurence Craig, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Howard C.
Westwood; Alexander H. Hadden, of Cleveland, Ohio, Russell E.
Leasure, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Richard Burns Allen, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; and Paul F. Bonnell, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Michael J. Cafferty, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 21. United States, petitioner, v. Don Gilmore et al. Reargu-
ment continued by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the petitioner and
concluded by Mr. Eli Freed for the respondents.
No. 22. United States, petitioner, v. Talbot Patrick et al. Reargued
by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert M.
Ward for the respondents.
No. 35. Edward Yellin, petitioner, v. United States. Reargued by
Mr. Victor Rabinowitz for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 10, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 10, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 76, 80, 52, and 53.
☑
650278-62--30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1962
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Philip F. Zeidman, of Birmingham, Ala., Phillip Joseph Roth, of
Portland, Oreg., Lowell Caples Paget, of Portland, Oreg., and Teno
Roncalio, of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Bonnie Lee Martin, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Arthur L. Martin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Benjamin
V. Cohen; Francis James Maloney, Jr., of Austin, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Norman August Peil, Jr., of Easton, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Thomas B. Van Poole, Jr.; Gordon Ringer, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. William E. James; Ramon M.
Child, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Robert W. Barker;
Solomon I. Hirsh, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Norton J.
Come; Hobert Price, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert E.
May; Irving Libenson, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Abraham Braslow; and Robert L. Miles, of Big Rapids, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Arthur A. Steffan, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 13. Doyle Smith, petitioner, v. Evening News Association. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Michigan for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 63. Barbara D. Ford, petitioner, v. Herman A. Ford. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
650278-62-31

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1962
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
122
No. 437. Edward Stock, appellant, v. Christopher F. Terrence,
M.D., Director, Rochester State Hospital. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 474. Johnny G. Spahos et al., appellants, v. The Mayor and
Councilmen of the Town of Savannah Beach, Tybee Island, Georgia,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Georgia. The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 487. Lever Brothers Company, appellant, v. United States et
al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio. The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal
is dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 62. Northern Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. State Cor-
poration Commission of the State of Kansas. The motion of The
Mid-Continent Oil & Gas Association for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 91. Ivan C. McLeod, Regional Director for the Second Region
of the National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Empresa Hon-
durena de Vapores, S.A.;
No. 93. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, S.A.; and
No. 107. Frank W. McCulloch, Chairman, and Philip Ray Rodg-
ers, et al., Members, National Labor Relations Board, petitioners, v.
Sociedad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras et al. The motion of
Canada for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 363. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Dave W. Ling, Judge
of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. The
motion of petitioner to remand is denied.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 480. Louis McNeese, Jr., a Minor, by Mabel McNeese, His
Mother and Next Friend, et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education for
Community Unit School District 187, Cahokia, Illinois, et al. Pe-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1962
123
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 463. Thomas I. Fitzgerald, Public Administrator of the
County of New York, etc., petitioner, v. United States Lines Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted limited to the following question:
Does a seaman have a right to a jury trial on a claim for unpaid
maintenance and cure when joined with a claim for Jones Act neg-
ligence?
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
No. 476. Benjamin Braunstein et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to the
following question:
"1. Whether Section 117(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939,
which provides that gain 'from the sale or exchange *** of stock
of a collapsible corporation' is taxable as ordinary income rather than
capital gain, is inapplicable in circumstances where the stockholders
would have been entitled to capital-gains treatment had they con-
ducted the enterprise in their individual capacities without utilizing
a corporation."
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 458. Martin J. Wiman, Warden, Kilby Prison, et al., petition-
ers, v. Jimmy Argo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 475. Tom Samuels, Trustee of Future Manufacturing Coop-
erative, Inc., petitioner, v. Kockos Brothers, Ltd. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 477. City of Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Ralph Cohen. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 478. William G. Stratton et al., petitioners, v. Lar Daly. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 481. International Union of Electrical, Radio and Machine
Workers, AFL-CIO, Frigidaire Local 801, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 484. Joseph Gallo, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1962
124
No. 495. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Second Supreme Judicial
District, denied.
No. 497. William Malat et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 498. Adelheit von Hardenberg et al., petitioners, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 501. High Fidelity Recordings, Inc., petitioner, v. Audio
Fidelity, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 488. Gunderson Bros. Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v.
Merritt-Chapman and Scott Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black believe that cer-
tiorari should be granted to consider whether the petitioner Gunder-
son Brothers Engineering Corporation has been denied its right to
jury trial guaranteed by the Seventh Amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
No. 496. 222 East Chestnut Street Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Aaron B. Weiner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 476, Misc. Ora E. Gaines, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 556, Misc. Antoine Rinieri, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 590, Misc. Lemuel Mont, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 659, Misc. Dewey Allison, petitioner, v. Martin J. Wiman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 565, Misc. Lever Brothers Co., petitioner, v. United States
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1962
125
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 410. Jackson Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Jack D. Clarke,
Jr.;
No. 475, Misc. Jackson Brewing Company, petitioner, v. The
Honorable Ben C. Connally, Judge of the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Texas;
No. 478, Misc. Harry Levine, etc., petitioner, v. Radio Corpora-
tion of America et al.; and
No. 563, Misc. Maury Gluckstern, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 77, Misc. Bethel S. Stevenson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
RECESS ORDER
| The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 17, 1962, until
Monday, January 7, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 76. James Gallick, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. Marshall I. Nurenberg for the peti-
tion and by Mr. Alexander H. Hadden for the respondent.
No. 80. Mark E. Schlude et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Carl F. Bauersfeld for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer for the respondent.
No. 52. Raymond R. Best et al., petitioners, v. Humboldt Placer
Mining Company et al. Argued by Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the
petitioners and by Mr. Charles L. Gilmore for the respondents. Memo-
randa to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 11, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 53, 104, and 91 (93 and 107).
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1962
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John B. Swainson, of Lansing, Mich., and Robert A. Derengoski,
of Lansing, Mich., on motion of Mr. Philip A. Hart; Charles E. Pool,
of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; Douglas Ernest
Bergman, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Philip
J. Loree, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Breck P. McAllister:
Richard J. Scupi, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William J.
Lippman; and Richard F. Green, of Elizabeth, N.J., on motion of
Mr. William Gural, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 53. George D. Ker et al., petitioners, v. California. Argued
by Mr. Robert W. Stanley for the petitioners and by Mr. Gordon
Ringer for the respondent.
No. 104. New Jersey et al., appellants, v. New York, Susquehanna
and Western Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. William Gural
for the appellants and by Mr. Vincent P. Biunno for the appellee.
No. 91. Ivan C. McLeod, Regional Director for the Second Region
of the National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Empresa Hon-
durena de Vapores, S.A.;
No. 93. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, S.A.; and
No. 107. Frank W. McCulloch, Chairman, and Philip Ray Rodgers,
et al., Members, National Labor Relations Board, petitioners, v.
Sociedad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras et al. Three and three-
quarters hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the petitioners in Nos. 91 and 107.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 12, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 91 (93 and 107), 33, and 62.
☑
650278-62-32

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1962
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
George D. Reycraft, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Archibald Cox; Cecil B. Cohen, of East Chicago, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Henry C. Blackiston, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Breck P. McAllister; and Patrick J.
McCarthy, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Lawrence I. Shaw, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 91. Ivan C. McLeod, Regional Director for the Second Region
of the National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Empresa Hondu-
rena de Vapores, S.A.;
No. 93. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, S. A.: and
No. 107. Frank W. McCulloch, Chairman, and Philip Ray Rodgers,
et al., Members, National Labor Relations Board, petitioners, v. Socie-
dad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras. Argument continued by
Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the petitioners in Nos. 91 and 107, by Mr.
Herman E. Cooper for the petitioner in No. 93, by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Cox for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court, by Mr. Orison S. Marden for the respondent in Nos. 91 and 93,
and concluded by Mr. Charles S. Rhyne for the respondent in No. 107.
No. 33. Incres Steamship Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Maritime Workers Union et al. Argued by Mr. Breck P. McAl-
lister for the petitioner and by Mr. H. Howard Ostrin for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 13, 1962, will be as follows:
Nos. 62, 86, and 133.
✓
650278-62-33

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1962
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Bernard Fensterwald, Jr., of Washington, D.C., and Paul D.
Welker, of Clarksville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. James C. Kirby, Jr.;
Frederick A. Pfirrmann, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Peter
S. Bedrossian; John Jude O'Donnell, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. William Francis O'Donnell; James William Brehl, of
St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Day; and Hal Witt, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Nathan Witt, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 62. Northern Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. State Cor-
poration Commission of the State of Kansas. Argued by Mr. Mark
H. Adams, Sr., for the appellant and by Mr. Charles C. McCarter
for the appellee.
No. 86. James Edwards, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. South Carolina.
Argued by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioners and by Mr. Daniel
R. McLeod for the respondent.
No. 133. Daniel Alton Williams, petitioner, v. Eugene M. Zuckert,
Secretary of the Air Force, et al. Argued by Mr. David I. Shapiro
for the petitioner and by Mr. Stephen J. Pollak for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, December 17, 1962, at 10 o'clock.
Х
650278-62--34

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1962
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Cynthia Gould Holcomb, of Washington, D.C., Burton Berkley, of
Washington, D.C., Chesley Venable Morton, of Fort Lauderdale,
Fla., Robert P. Kundinger, of Pompano Beach, Fla., and Samuel H.
Becker, of Winthrop, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Mark Niesen, of Pacoima, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Clyde Gilman Doyle; Thomas G. Spicer, of Miami, Fla., on motion
of Mr. J. William Norman; Walter W. Johnson, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. John Alexander; Ernest Joseph Corrado, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Vincent J. Fuller; James Carson
Robinson, of Orlando, Fla., and David Warrington Hedrick, of
Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. F. Cleveland Hedrick, Jr.; Kenneth
E. Tilsen, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Charles Gordon;
Saul Arthur Wilchins, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Oliver
Gasch; Robert Louis Kendall, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Bernard C. Segal; Alan Herbert Bernstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel Lebowitz; Robert James Timlin, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Max H. Goldschein; Douglas Peter
Null, of Great Neck, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Sidney Dickstein;
Johnie Allen McLeod, of Apopka, Fla., on motion of Mr. Tillman
Stirling; and James Domengeaux, of Lafayette, La., on motion of
Mr. William R. Foley, were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 75. Madeline C. Schroeder, appellant, v. City of New York.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
650278-62-35

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1962
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
130
No. 435. Harris Truck Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Cherry Meat
Packers, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for certiorari
granted. On writ of certiorari, judgment vacated and case remanded
to that court so that petitioner's appeal may be heard on its merits.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan dissents.
No. 479. National Motor Freight Traffic Association, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. The motions to affirm
are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Stewart is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 483. John J. Casale, Inc., appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 503. Arlan's Department Store of Louisville, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Kentucky. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents.
No. 626, Misc. Earl Clark, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 574. Henry Rogers Anderson, petitioner, v. Kentucky. It is
ordered that Rules 26 and 36 be suspended in this case and the parties
proceed on the basis of the certified typewritten record filed with the
Court, and it is further ordered that each and every motion heretofore
filed by the petitioner and not heretofore acted upon by the Court be
denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 506. United States, appellant, v. Jerry Braverman. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 526. Adell H. Sherbert, appellant, v. Charlie V. Verner et al.,
as Members of South Carolina Employment Security Commission and
Spartan Mills. Appeal from the Supreme Court of South Carolina.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1962
131
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 509. Elijah Reed, petitioner, v. Steamship Yaka, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 515. Richard R. Harshman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 516. Malcolm Lebert Parker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 529. United States, petitioner, v. Carlo Bianchi and Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 482. Local No. 207, International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural and Ornamental Iron Workers Union, et al., petitioners, v. Jacob
Perko. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 541. Local 100 of the United Association of Journeymen and
Apprentices, petitioner, v. H. N. Borden. Motion of the respondent
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
rari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial
District, granted. Case placed on the summary calendar and set for
argument immediately following No. 482. Mr. Justice Goldberg
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and
petition.
No. 374, Misc. William Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Mississippi.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 505. Marie Miller et al., petitioners, v. East Georgia Motors,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 510. Texas Carbonate Company, petitioner, v. R. L. Phinney,
District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1962
132
No. 514. James Oddie et al., petitioners, v. Ross Gear and Tool
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 518. William A. Crowe, etc., petitioner, v. Ragnar Benson, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 519. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 521. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 522. United States District Court for the Western District of
Oklahoma et al., petitioners, v. Otto G. Lutes et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 523. Henry S. Morgan et al., petitioners, v. Stewart L. Udall,
Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 524. In re Warren J. Moity, petitioner. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 525. William H. Loehde et ux., petitioners, v. Wisconsin River
Power Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 527. Compania Anonima Venezolana de Navegacion, etc., peti-
tioner, v. A. J. Perez Export Company, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 472. Ove Gustavsson Contracting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States for the Use and Benefit of Browne & Bryan Lumber Co.,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 99, Misc. Anthony Palumbo, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 358, Misc. Francis Fox, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachu-
setts denied.
Peti-
No. 586, Misc. Curtis F. Akers, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of West Virginia denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1962
133
No. 645, Misc. Jimmy L. Davis, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 652, Misc. Emmett Henderson, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 723, Misc. Charley Luther Pike, petitioner, v. California; and
No. 724, Misc. Richard D. Ceniceros, petitioner, v. California.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 632, Misc. Ernest Calvio Alcala, petitioner, v. California.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED OR
TRANSFERRED
No. 328, Misc. Jack Roberts, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer, Di-
rector, Department of Corrections, et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 213, Misc. James Byrnes, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Motion for leave to file an application for a writ of habeas
corpus is hereby transferred "for hearing and determination" to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
28 U.S.C. § 2241 (b); Rule 31 (5), Revised Rules of the Supreme Court
of the United States (1954).
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 330. Citizens Utilities Company of California, appellant, v.
Superior Court of California, County of Sacramento, et al.;
No. 365. Kalman Greenhill, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 195, Misc. Wiley B. Morris, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections;
No. 247, Misc. Lloyd Eldon Miller, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden;
No. 281, Misc. Herman L. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 330, Misc. John Threatt, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 477, Misc. John D. Giagnocavo, petitioner, v. American Can
Company; and
No. 519, Misc. John McConnon, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Richard
Raoul-Duval et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 7, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 7, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 31, 51, 115, and 84.
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
David H. Greenberg, of Portland, Oreg., Lee Combs, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., Robert E. Hinerfeld, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and An-
drew Kirkpatrick Parkansky, of Scottsbluff, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Winfred Hooper, Jr., of Fort
Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Francis Mat-
thias Marley, of Fostoria, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts;
Ralph R. Rea, of Harrison, Ark., on motion of Mr. James W. Trimble;
Sidney L. Wickenhaver, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Paul
C. Warnke; Edwin Jay Lasner, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. George S. Prugh, Jr.; Harvey L. Zuckman, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Henry S. Snyder; Jack Paul, of Beverly Hills, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Gilbert A. Cuneo; Theodore Krieger, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leon B. Polsky; Neil Sandberg, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Melvin Hirshman; Herman D. Rollins, of
Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Inman; and Thomas
J. Middleton, Jr., of Fairfax, Va., Robert E. Swan, of Fairfax, Va.,
E. A. Prichard, of Fairfax, Va., F. Sheild McCandlish, of Fairfax,
Va., and Haynie S. Trotter, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. William
C. Baughnight, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 88. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Reliance
Fuel Oil Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black concurs in
the result.
No. 96. United States, petitioner, v. Buffalo Savings Bank. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
650278-63-36

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
The Chief Justice said:
135
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 445. Southern California Edison Company, appellant, v. Pub-
lic Utilities Commission of California. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of California. The motion of Southern California Gas Com-
pany and Southern Counties Gas Company of California to correct
title and caption is granted. The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 545. Charles W. Jamieson, appellant, v. Chicago Title and
Trust Co., etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 559. Samuel Voltaggio, appellant, v. Nicholas V. Caputo,
County Clerk, County of Essex, New Jersey, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed as moot.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 570. Frederick Blaustein, appellant, v. Caesar L. Aiello, Sub-
stitute Trustee. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 572. Harold E. Vickers, appellant, v. Township Committee of
Gloucester Township et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New
Jersey. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 578. Lyss D. Lamb, appellant, v. California. Appeal from the
District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District.
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 582. William K. Williamson et al., appellants, v. Hopewell
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia. The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
136
No. 584. Andrew J. Easter, appellant, v. Department of Assess-
ments of Baltimore City. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
Maryland. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 625, Misc. Phillip Johnson, Jr., appellant, v. Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The appeal is dis-
missed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a pe-
tition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 635, Misc. Harvey George Thomas, appellant, v. California.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. The appeal is dis-
missed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a pe-
tition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 10, Original. Commonwealth of Virginia, plaintiff, v. State
of Maryland. The report of the Special Master is received, approved
and ordered filed. In view of the suggestion of the parties and the
recommendation of the Special Master that the case has been settled
and is now moot, the bill of complaint is dismissed. The costs in this
case are to be equally divided between the parties. The Special Mas-
ter, having completed all of his duties, is hereby discharged.
No. 54. The White Motor Company, appellant, v. United States.
The motion of Serta Associates, Inc., et al., for leave to file a brief,
as amici curiae, is granted. The motion of Sandura Company for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board
of School Commissioners of Baltimore City; and
No. 142. School District of Abington Township Pennsylvania, et
al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. The motion of The
American Ethical Union for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is
granted.
No. 346. Santa Maria Shipowning & Trading Company, S.A., et
al., petitioners, v. Fanorios Panteloglou et al. The motion for dam-
ages and to stay issuance of the mandate of the Court of Appeals is
denied.
No. 430. Arrow Transportation Company et al., petitioners, v.
Southern Railway Company et al. The motion of Statesville Flour
Mills for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The motion
of Walley Milling Company for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae,
is granted. The motion of Southern Governors' Conference et al. for

,
MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
137
leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. The motion of The
National Association of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 606. The New York Times Company, petitioner, v. L. B. Sulli-
van. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
granted.
No. 609. Ralph D. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. L. B. Sullivan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
granted and case set for argument immediately following No. 606.
No. 535. Claude Dennis, petitioner, v. The Denver & Rio Grande
Western Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Utah granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 573. The Honorable James B. Parsons, Judge of the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, petitioner,
v. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 593. Gene Durfee et ux., petitioners, v. Julia E. Duke. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 544. Francesco Foti, a/k/a Frank Foti, petitioner, v. Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted
limited to question 1 presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"(1) Whether or not the Circuit Court of Appeals has jurisdiction
to review the final orders of the Special Inquiry Officer authorized by
the Attorney General to be made during the course of deportation
proceedings?"
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 323. Hugh Smith, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 376. Preston Cobb, Jr., petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 451. Walter R. Laudenslager, et ux., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
138
No. 499. George E. Baldwin, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 531. Frank Joseph Burns, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 533. Edythe Rice Dyer, petitioner, v. Edward P. Murray, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court
of Maine denied.
No. 536. Thomas C. Keiningham, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 539. M. A. Price et al., petitioners, v. William N. Christian,
Secretary of State of the State of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 547. Reinsurance Agency, Inc., petitioner, v. Liberty National
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 548. Stowe-Woodward, Inc., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 549. Raymond H. Witte et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 550. International Harvester Co. et al., petitioners, v. The City
of Kansas City, Kansas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 551. H. L. Lott et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 552. Carol Lee Ragland et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 553. Associated Telephone and Telegraph Company, peti-
tioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 555. C. George Swallow, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 556. Bridgeport Federal Savings and Loan Association, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Home Loan Bank Board et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
650278-63- -37
B

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
139
No. 557. Flora Construction Company, petitioner, v. Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Edward E. Colton and Lillian Kaltman, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 561. Charles Henry Beaver, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 562. Abe Plisco et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 564. Washington ex rel. Arthur Eber Sherman, Jr., petitioner,
v. The Board of Governors of the Washington State Bar Association,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 565. Isbrandtsen Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Paul Maximo,
Walter Salo, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 567. Gold Fuel Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Esso Standard Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 576. Theron C. Lynd, Registrar of Elections of Forrest
County, Mississippi, petitioner, v. Robert F. Kennedy, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 577. Frances D. Pearman, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Celebrezze,
Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 580. J. Benjamin Hall, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 581. Carl Whitson, petitioner, v. Fidelity and Deposit Com-
pany of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 587. Muskegon Piston Ring Company, petitioner, v. Ernest R.
Olsen and National Piston Ring Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 589. Texas and New Orleans Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Brotherhoood of Railroad Trainmen et al. Petition for

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
140
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 591. Nelson-Ryan Flight Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Lorraine
M. Lange, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Minnesota denied.
No. 595. W. S. Welch, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Glen Runge, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 596. Sears, Roebuck & Co., et al., petitioners, v. Harold T.
Jones et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 598. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer-
ica, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Roscoe Humphreys. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 599. Albert Freed, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Part of Court of Special Sessions of
New York, New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 602. Conner Air Lines, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Aviation
Credit Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 605. Abe Lipsky, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 608. Hermetic Seal Products Company, P. R., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 612. Paul Kaiser, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Price-Fewell, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 542. Western Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. City and County of
San Francisco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 546. J. M. Eastland et ux., petitioners, v. Ellis Campbell, Jr.,
District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 558. Aeronautical Communications Equipment, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Helen Russell Pierce, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
141
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 568. William J. Batten and Katie M. Batten, his wife, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 579. Florene I. Miller et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 588. Perry Zimmerman, petitioner, v. Board of Education of
the City of Newark et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 594. Gloria Muse, etc., petitioner, v. United States Casualty
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 27, Misc. Chester R. Morris, petitioner, v. University of
Texas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas denied.
No. 141, Misc. Berlin Acey Odom, petitioner, v. Jack Heard, Act-
ing Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 366, Misc. Fred John Corey et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 456, Misc. Howard B. Piccott, petitioner, v. DeWitt Sinclair.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 589, Misc. Henry S. Bush, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 593, Misc. Charles Hubbard, petitioner, v. Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 604, Misc. Francis Joseph Griewski, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
11

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
142
No. 606, Misc. Robert Burks, petitioner, v. J. H. Klinger,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 607, Misc. Ervin Ray Young, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 611, Misc. Nelson Harris, petitioner, v. Frederick G. Reincke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Connecticut, Hartford County, denied.
No. 614, Misc. George M. Snyder, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 616, Misc. Joe Richard Bassett, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Ta-
hash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Monnesota denied.
No. 617, Misc. Sam Naylor, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 618, Misc. Jean Edward Lehman, petitioner, v. Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 620, Misc. Dupree Poe, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 621, Misc. Jerry Midwinter Shipman, petitioner, v. Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied.
No. 622, Misc. James Janosko, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 623, Misc. James T. Cogdell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 624, Misc. Harold Bernard Swanson, petitioner, v. Califor-
nia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 628, Misc. Paul Rodger Weller, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 633, Misc. Grant Cooper, petitioner, v. Martin J. Wiman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama, denied.
I
t
+

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
143
No. 636, Misc. E. R. Humphries, Jr., petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 637, Misc. Andrew Betts, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 639, Misc. Johnson Moore, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Califor-
nia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 641, Misc. John Gilbert, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 643, Misc. Richard Eugene Sires, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 650, Misc. Michael Kilgallen, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 651, Misc. William Ray Jones, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 653, Misc. Clarence Henderson, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 708, Misc. Thomas L. Bratcher, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 700, Misc. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden; and
No. 741, Misc. Thomas Contaldo, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 449, Misc. Loy Rollin Kirk, petitioner, v. Sheriff of Los An-
geles County;
No. 482, Misc. Charles H. Wilson, petitioner, v. South Carolina
et al.; and
No. 680, Misc. Carl Kimbro, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar, Warden.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
144
No. 640. Misc. Alvin Schontube, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Wisconsin; and
No. 675, Misc. Francis B. Springfield, petitioner, v. Oliver J.
Carter, United States District Judge. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 113. Charles Christopher Campbell et al., petitioners, v. Penn-
sylvania;
No. 124. Atlas Scraper and Engineering Co., petitioner v. Harry
A. Pursche;
No. 383. Edward Carmine Coppolla et al., petitioners, v. United
States; and
No. 538. Anthony Campisi, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 389. Agnes June Dillard, petitioner, v. Jackson's Atlanta
Ready Mix Concrete Company, Inc.;
No. 416. In the Matter of the Application of Andrew Alford, peti-
tioner;
No. 418. Nichols & Company, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 430, Misc. Johnnie Clifford McDowell, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 445, Misc. Miles La Rose, appellant, v. Ralph Tahash,
Warden;
No. 541, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 608, Misc. Morris Thomas, petitioner, v. D. M. Heritage,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 25. William Presser, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
ORAL ARGUEMENT
No. 31. H. P. Dugan et al., petitioners, v. Everett G. Rank et al.
Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the petitioners and by Mr.
Claude L. Rowe for the respondents.
No. 51. City of Fresno, petitioner, v. California et al. Argued by
Mr. Claude L. Rowe for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the respondents.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1963
145
No. 115. The Delano-Earlimart Irrigation District et al., peti-
titioners, v. Everett G. Rank et al. Argued by Mr. B. Abbott Gold-
berg for the petitioners and by Mr. Claude L. Rowe for the respond-
ents.
No. 84. Edward M. Fay, Warden, et al., petitioners, v. Charles
Noia. Argument commenced by Mr. William I. Siegel for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 8, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
84, 45, 49, and 72 (73 and 74).

TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1963
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
George Williams Rutherford, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Frank Church; Samuel K. Freshman, of Beverly Hills, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Marie Theresa Lauck, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne; Ky Pepper
Ewing, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John Lord
O'Brian; Louis Joseph Knobbe of La Habra, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Oscar B. Waddell; Robert D. Canada, of Tallahassee, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Herman J. Morton; Frederick Gale White, of Water-
loo, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Howard J. Adler; and Henry Norr Kalow,
of New York, N.Y., Thomas Leo Stapleton, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Ronald
Bruce Klinemen, of Rochester, N.Y., and David Meeker Gill, of San
Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ralph Herrod, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 84. Edward M. Fay, Warden, et al., petitioners, v. Charles
Noia. Argument continued by Mr. William I. Siegel for the peti-
tioners, by Mr. Joseph J. Rose for the State of New York, as amicus
curiae, and concluded by Mr. Leon B. Polsky for the respondent.
No. 45. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of California,
et al.; and
No. 49. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of
California, et al., appellants, v. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers,
Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Isaac E. Ferguson for the appellants in
No. 45 and for the appellees in No. 49 and by Mr. John Fourt for the
appellees in No. 45 and for the appellants in No. 49.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 9, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 72 (73 and 74), 59, and 430.
650278-63--38

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1963
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Grant E. McGee, of Denver, Colo., and John Joseph Conway, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Charles Rowan,
of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss; Robert Mc-
Clory, of Waukegan, Ill., Richard Raymond Bairstow, of Waukegan,
Ill., Donald M. Lonchar, Jr., of Waukegan, Ill., and Donald E.
Deuster, of Libertyville, Ill., on motion of Mr. Rufus King; Richard
P. Matsch, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. J. Edgar Murdock;
Edward J. Drake, of Dallas, Tex., and James W. Schoolfield, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter I. Horlick; George D. Beter,
of Huntington, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Peter D. Beter; and James
Monroe Little, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Leslie L.
Conner, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 72. Wisconsin et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission
et al.;
No. 73. California et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission
et al.; and
No. 74. Long Island Lighting Co., et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument.
Argued by Mr. Kent H. Brown for the petitioners in No. 72, by Mr.
William M. Bennett for the petitioners in No. 73, by Mr. J. David
Mann, Jr., for the petitioners in No. 74, by Mr. Richard A. Solomon
for the respondent, Federal Power Commission, in all three cases, and
by Mr. Kenneth Heady for the respondent, Phillips Petroleum Com-
pany, in all three cases.
No. 59. A. J. Simler, petitioner, v. Leslie E. Conner. Argument
commenced by Mr. John B. Ogden for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Peyton Ford for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 10, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 59, 430, and 236.
X
1

THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1963
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Reed Ax, of Linton, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke;
Martin J. Munson, of Los Angeles, Calif., Melvin W. Miller, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Herbert Glaser, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. James C. Corman; Woodrow Wilson Lavender, of Elberton,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert G. Stephens, Jr.; H. O. Van Petten, of
Los Angeles, Calif., and Marvin Lee Holen, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Clyde Gilman Doyle; Tedford Dees, of Denver, Colo.,
on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Morgan Lauck Walton III, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank S. Tavenner, Jr.; Edmond
F. McKeown, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. A. Kenneth Pye;
and Walter Carroll Taylor, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Edward R. Kenney, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 59. A. J. Simler, petitioner, v. Leslie E. Conner. Argument
continued by Mr. Peyton Ford for the respondent and concluded by
Mr. John B. Ogden for the petitioner. Briefs to come.
No. 430. Arrow Transportation Company et al., petitioners, v.
Southern Railway Company et al. Three hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. John C. Lovett for the petitioners, by Mr.
Ralph S. Spritzer for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, and by Mr. Dean Acheson for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, January 14, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 14, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
236, 54, and 155.
Х
650278-63-40

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Hugh Reid Kincaid, of Fayetteville, Ark., James T. Sherwin, of
New York, N.Y., and Joseph Jennings Murphy, of Columbus, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Solictor General Archibald Cox; Richard Richards,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clair Engle; Robert D.
Buehler, of Atchison, Kans., on motion of Mr. Garner E. Shriver;
Bruce Robert Jacob, of Bartow, Fla., on motion of Mr. George
Deiter Mentz; Raymond Alfred Haik, of Minneapolis, Minn., on
motion of Mr. William R. Vallance; John J. Lally, of Spokane, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas Stephen Foley; John Frank Hay, of Lub-
bock, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul D. Page, Jr.; Max L. Bernbaum,
of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Peter H. Smolka; Willis M.
Forman, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. William Mitchell;
Harry J. Lambeth, of Bethesda, Md., and Edward Booker Layne,
Jr., of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Frank W. Kuehl; and Gordon
R. Kindness, of Rockville, Md., Charles W. Bell, of Rockville, Md.,
Edward A. Palamara, of Rockville, Md., Herbert Walter Jorgensen,
of Rockville, Md., James R. Miller, Jr., of Rockville, Md., William A.
Linthicum, Jr., of Rockville, Md., R. Edwin Brown, of Rockville, Md.,
Judson Rawlings Wood, of Rockville, Md., G. Richard Park of Rock-
ville, Md., Ronald F. McDonald, Jr., of Kensington, Md., Benedict
George Ballman, of Kensington, Md., William M. Canby, of Brook-
ville, Md., Robert G. Tobin, Jr., of Brookville, Md., Robert Smith
Bourbon, of Silver Spring, Md., Joe Merrill Kyle, of Silver Spring,
Md., David Macdonald, of Silver Spring, Md., Carl L. Frederick, Jr.,
of Wheaton, Md., John J. Mitchell, of Takoma Park, Md., and
Richard B. Latham, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Thomas B.
Finan, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 56. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Sun Oil Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Separate
650278-63-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
150
memorandum by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart
joins.
No. 5. National Association for the Advancement of Colored Peo-
ple, etc., petitioner, v. Robert Y. Button, Attorney General of Vir-
ginia, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
White concurring in part and dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice.
Stewart join.
No. 36. Wong Sun and James Wah Toy, petitioners, v. United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark
with whom Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice
White join.
No. 16. Shotwell Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with
whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 57. Michael Cleary, petitioner, v. Edward Bolger. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Gold-
berg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren concurs, joining in
dissenting opinion of Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Court took a recess from noon for the purpose of attending a
joint session of Congress of the United States to hear the President's
address on the State of the Union and reconvened at 2 o'clock.
OPINIONS (resumed)
No. 19. Charles Paul, Director of Agriculture of California, et al.,
appellants, v. United States. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California. Judgment affirmed

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
151
except insofar as it must be modified to reflect the change in federal
procurement policy noted in the opinion and it is vacated insofar as it
relates to purchases and sales of milk made from nonappropriated
funds. Case remanded for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Har-
lan and Mr. Justice Goldberg join.
No. 81. United States, appellant, v. Georgia Public Service Com-
mission. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Georgia. Judgment reversed and case remanded
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
Goldberg join.
No. 23. Pan American World Airways, Inc., appellant, v. United
States; and
No. 47. United States, appellant, v. Pan American World Airways,
Inc., et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren joins.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 52. Raymond R. Best et al., petitioners, v. Humboldt Placer
Mining Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 77. John R. Jones, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham, Jr., Su-
perintendent of Virginia State Penitentiary. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with direc-
tions to grant petitioner's motion to add the members of the Parole
Board as respondents and proceed to a decision on the merits of peti-
tioner's case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 133. Daniel Alton Williams, petitioner, v. Eugene M. Zuckert,
Secretary of the Air Force, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The
writ of certiorari is dismissed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black
joins.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
The Chief Justice said:
152
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 528. R. A. Riddell, District Director of Internal Revenue, Los
Angeles District, petitioner, v. Monolith Portland Cement Co. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On
writ, judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of California for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 592. Shenandoah Valley Broadcasting, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 729, Misc. Allen Ditson, petitioner, v. California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari, upon consideration of
mootness, judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of California for such proceedings as that court may deem appropriate.
Opinion per curiam.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 511. James E. Bush, petitioner, v. Texas. The motion of
American and Dallas Civil Liberties Unions for leave to file a brief,
as amicus curiae, is granted.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 604. Division 1287 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America et al.,
appellants, v. Missouri. Appeal from Supreme Court of Missouri.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is placed on
the summary calendar.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
CERTIORARI GRANTED
153
No. 628. N. L. Liner et al., petitioners, v. Jafco, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Tennessee
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 632. United States, petitioner, v. Aaron Zacks et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 597. John Wight and Mondakota Gas Company, petitioners, v.
Montana-Dakota Utilities Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 613. Theodore W. Berenson et al., petitioners, v. Thomas N.
Muchard. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Tri-Pharmacy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 620. Jim Laing, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 623. William Rickenbacker, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 624. Sears, Roebuck and Co., petitioner, v. Richard F. Gugel,
Sr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 626. G. Mark French et al., petitioners, v. Town of Clintwood
ex rel. Goldie Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Virginia denied.
No. 627. Aerovias Interàmericanas de Panama, S.A., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Board of County Commissioners of Dade County, Florida,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 636. William H. Wood et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 571. Graham Harley, petitioner, v. Honorable Robert E.
Tehan, Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin. The motion of Louisville and Nashville Rail-
road Company for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
154
No. 359, Misc. Fred J. Odell, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 528, Misc. William Frierson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 529, Misc. Louis J. Placona, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 554, Misc. In the Matter of Jean L. Chester, petitioner. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 572, Misc. Dominic Allocco, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 605, Misc. Leland A. B. Thomas, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 661, Misc. William J. Stacey, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 664, Misc. Oran Young, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 670, Misc. Charles E. Morrow, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 673, Misc. Otis Wright, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 681, Misc. John H. Rathbun, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 799, Misc. Mellott Faust, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 579, Misc. Kenneth Pardee, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden; and
No. 588, Misc. Ralph Bolin, petitioner, v. R. Fuller Goodman,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1963
REHEARINGS DENIED
155
No. 363. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Hon. Dave W. Ling, Judge
of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona;
No. 443. Rufus F. and Marguerite H. Turner, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 478. William G. Stratton et al., petitioners, v. Lar Daly;
No. 488. Gunderson Bros. Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v.
Merritt-Chapman and Scott Corporation;
No. 62, Misc. Harold Lieberman, petitioner, v. Ohio;
No. 326, Misc. Joseph L. DeLevay, petitioner, v. National Sav-
ings and Trust Co.;
No. 403, Misc. Harold Lieberman, petitioner, v. Columbus Bar
Association; and
No. 598, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of John H. Gately.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 467. James Alvado et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Corpo-
ration. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 21, 1963, until
Monday, February 18, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 236. German S. Lopez, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Edward J. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis F. Clai-
borne for the respondent.
No. 54. The White Motor Company, appellant, v. United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell for the appellant
and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 15, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
54, 155, and 34.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1963
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frank J. Kelley, of Alpena, Mich., on motion of Mr. Philip A.
Hart; Jacob Jacobson, of Buffalo, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Myron G.
Erhlich; Charles K. Inglis, of St. Petersburg Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Howard W. Morgan, Jr., of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Daniel Flynn; Leo B. Connelly, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Granson Purcell; Walter Barthold, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Wald; Charles Rembar, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Sigmund Timberg; Joseph T.
Helling, of South Bend, Ind., on motion of Mr. Nathan Levy; and
Ernest Thomas Kaufmann, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Howard C. Westwood, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 54. The White Motor Company, appellant, v. United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellee
and concluded by Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell for the appellant.
No. 155. Clarence Earl Gideon, petitioner, v. H. G. Cochran, Jr.,
Director, Division of Corrections. Three hours for oral argument.
Argued by Mr. Abe Fortas for the petitioner, by Mr. J. Lee Rankin
for the American Civil Libeties Union, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, by Mr. Bruce R. Jacob for the respondent and by Mr.
George D. Mentz for the State of Alabama, as amicus curiae.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 16, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 34, 201, and 283.
Х
650278-63- -42
"
་

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1963
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Ralph Smith, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Albert
M. Rains; James E. Hendry, of St. Petersburg, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Charles E. Chamberlain; Joseph Zallen, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. James Thaddeus Clark; Rivers Buford, Jr., of Tallahassee,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Laurence S. Fordham, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. J. William Doolittle, Jr.; Walter
Henry Steinbauer, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick Schafer; and Claude Frederick Seila, of Lenoir, N.C., on motion
of Mr. George F. Bason, Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 34. William Douglas and Bennie Will Meyes, petitioners, v.
California. Reargued by Mr. Marvin M. Mitchelson and Mr. Burton
Marks for the petitioners and by Mr. Jack E. Goertzen and Mr. Wil-
liam E. James for the respondent.
No. 201. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, petitioners, v.
Washington et al. Argued by Mr. Charles F. Luce for the petitioners
and by Mr. John J. Lally for the respondents.
No. 283. Ward Lane, Warden, petitioner, v. George Robert Brown.
Leave granted Mr. William D. Ruckelshaus to appear and present
oral argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr.
Nathan Levy. Argument commenced by Mr. William D. Ruckel-
shaus for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and
continued by Mr. Nathan Levy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 17, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 283, 112, and 288.
☑
650278-63-43

THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1963
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edward M. Kennedy, of Boston, Mass., and Wm. B. Hartsfield,
of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Attorney General Robert F.
Kennedy; Lucy Redd, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr.
Frank E. Moss; Richard Shannon Manley, of Demopolis, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Armistead Selden; Kenneth Perrine, of Birmingham,
Ala., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston, Jr.; John Mark McLaugh-
lin, of Snyder, Tex., on motion of Mr. Graham B. Purcell, Jr.; Fred
S. Abney, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark;
Robert G. Lauck, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge
vom Baur; Terrence J. Ford, of Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Bernays Wiener; Philip H. Irwin, of Spokane, Wash., on
motion of Mr. Thomas Stephen Foley; Thomas Hart Taylor, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William W. Roberts; Marcus Mattson,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Whiting; Melville
B. Nimmer, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles T. Dun-
can; Loren T. Wood, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. James
H. Tully; Frank T. Dierson, of Glen Cove, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Wayne K. Hill; J. Richard Carr, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Richard Whittington Whitlock; Arlen Specter, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Stephen John Pollak; Frank B. Cahn II,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Paul A. Dorf; and Irving Olds
Murphy, of Erie, Pa., John Geib Wayman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and
Robert Lewis, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John C. Bane,
Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 283. Ward Lane, Warden, petitioner, v. George Robert Brown.
Argument continued by Mr. Nathan Levy for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. William D. Ruckelshaus for the petitioner pro hac
vice, by special leave of Court.
No. 112. James H. Gray, as Chairman of the Georgia State Demo-
cratic Executive Committee, et al., appellants, v. James O'Hear
Sanders. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
650278-63- -44

THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1963
159
B. D. Murphy and by Mr. E. Freeman Leverett for the appellants, by
Mr. Morris B. Abram for the appellee, and by Mr. Attorney General
Robert F. Kennedy for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, January 21, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Bruno R. Pavia, of New York, N.Y., Henry O. Leichter, of New
York, N.Y., Roger P. Stokey, of Wayland, Mass., Marianne Shutack
Lavelle, of Lehighton, Pa., and John P. Lavelle, of Lehighton, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Bert T. Kobayashi,
of Honolulu, Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Daniel K. Inouye; Sanford
Noah Katz, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Marvin Jones;
G. H. Martin, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr. Laurence
H. Axman; Marian M. Manary, of Bay City, Mich., and Bernard S.
Frasik, of Bay City, Mich., on motion of Mrs. Marguerite R. Cedar-
berg; Robert M. Wolters, of Highland Park, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Charles L. Sturtevant; Lloyd Evans Moore, of Ironton, Ohio. and
Henry Snowden Turner, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. War-
ren E. Miller; Kenneth A. MacDonald, of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. Kenneth A. Cox; William J. Hannan, of North Tarrytown,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter D. Matson; Theodore F. Bofinger, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stanley N. Ohlbaum; John
Einar Murray, of Alexandria, Va., and Robert F. McCabe, of Falls
Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Louis A. Masciocchi; Sherman J. Saxl,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wilmer S. Schantz, Jr.; John R.
Purcell, of Glastonbury, Conn., on motion of Mr. James T. Holland,
Jr.; Henry L. Scott, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. William P.
McClure; John Woolman Douglas, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of
Mr. Hamilton Carothers; Raymond J. Lloyd, of Palo Alto, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Richard B. Berryman; Jeremy C. McCamic, of Wheel-
ing, W. Va., and David L. Good, of Wheeling, W. Va., on motion of
Mr. Mark B. Sandground; Phyllis Mahler, of New York, N.Y., Robert
W. Seavey, of New York, N.Y., David C. Newman, of Cape Girardeau,
Mo., Loyd A. Shookman, of Rockville, Ind., and John Charles
Hoover, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Walter I. Horlick; and
John F. Christensen, of San Francisco, Calif., Byron Jackson Hayes,
Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., Morris D. Hodges, of Charlottesville, Va.,
Frank James Dorsey, of Tacoma, Wash., William Henry Neinast, of
Somerville, Tex., Lloyd K. Rector, of Drexel, N.C., Guy A. Hamlin,
of Durham, N.C., Henry L. Brown, of Columbia, S.C., and James
650278-63-45

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
161
Thomas Hawk, of Cleveland, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Ralph Herrod,
were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 87. Local No. 438 Construction & General Laborers' Union,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. S. J. Curry, et al., etc. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Georgia for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in the
result.
No. 14. Mercantile National Bank at Dallas, appellant, v. C. H.
Langdeau, Receiver; and
No. 15. Republic National Bank of Dallas, appellant, v. C. H.
Langdeau, Receiver. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Texas.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of
Texas for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas, while agreeing with the Court that the judg-
ments are "final", dissent on the merits of the controversy. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 543. Charles D. Stuart et al., appellants, v. Will Wilson, At-
torney General of Texas, et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Texas. The motion to affirm
is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 603. Rene Bardy, appellant, v. United States and MCA, Inc.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of California. The motions to dismiss are granted and the ap-
peal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 607. Missouri ex rel. Mildred B. Johnson, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Jack L. Clay, Superintendent of Division of Insurance, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Missouri. The motions to
dismiss are granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 645. Bendix Corporation, appellant, v. Radio Position Find-
ing Corp. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Maryland. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
162
No. 12, Original. State of Hawaii, plaintiff, v. David E. Bell.
This case is set for argument on Monday, October 14, 1963, and a
total of two hours is allowed for oral argument.
No. 150. Harold J. Silver, d/b/a Municipal Securities Company,
et al., petitioners, v. New York Stock Exchange. The motion of the
Solicitor General, on behalf of the United States, for leave to par-
ticipate in oral argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and thirty
minutes are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the petitioners and
the respondent are also allotted an additional fifteen minutes to argue
in this case.
No. 332. Fenelon Boesche, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Stew-
art L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior. The motion of The Rocky
Mountain Oil and Gas Association for leave to present oral argument,
as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 661. Mississippi et al., petitioners, v. James Howard Meredith,
etc. The motion of John C. Satterfield for leave to withdraw his
appearance as counsel for the petitioners is granted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 407. Walter Humphrey, etc., et al., petitioners, v. C. W. Moore,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 408. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, petitioner, v. C. W. Moore et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky granted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 569. Benjamin W. Corey, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 618. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Cap-
ital Gains Research Bureau, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 778, Misc. Nathan Jackson, petitioner, v. Wilfred Denno,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 502. Kenneth C. Rains, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
163
No. 616. Duncan Miller, petitioner, v. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary
of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 634. Joel McDaniel, petitioner, v. Campbell, Wyant & Can-
non Foundry Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 637. William Lawrence Lemons et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 638. Jew Ten, etc., petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Arnold E. Edens, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 642. Kansas City Transit, Inc., petitioner, v. Kansas City Ter-
minal Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 643. Nature Food Centres, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 644. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 649. Manuel Silvas, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 651. Wisconsin et al., petitioners, v. Stewart Udall, Secretary
of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 80, Misc. Edward Wakin, petitioner, v. Lawrence Keenan,
Superintendent, Allegheny County Workhouse. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 546, Misc. Thomas C. Bush, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 566, Misc. Joe G. Martinez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 743, Misc. Hassie Cane Martin, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
1
0

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
164
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 453. In re Harry J. Alker, Jr., petitioner;
No. 495. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc.;
No. 510. Texas Carbonate Company, petitioner, v. R. L. Phinney,
District Director of Internal Revenue; and
No. 522. United States District Court for the Western District of
Oklahoma et al., petitioners, v. Otto G. Lutes et al. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 23, Misc., October Term, 1959. In the Matter of Disbar-
ment of Harry J. Alker, Jr. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
Ordered:
ORDER
1. That the Rules of Civil Procedure be, and they hereby are,
amended by including therein Forms Number 30, 31 and 32, and
the amendments to Rules 4, 5, 6, 7, 12, 13, 14, 15, 24, 25, 26, 28, 30,
41, 49, 50, 52, 56, 58, 71A, 77, 79, 81, and 86 and to Forms Number
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 18, 21, 22-A and 22-B, as herein-
after set forth :
RULE 4. PROCESS
(b) SAME: FORM. The summons shall be signed by the clerk,
be under the seal of the court, contain the name of the court and the
names of the parties, be directed to the defendant, state the name
and address of the plaintiff's attorney, if any, otherwise the plaintiff's
address, and the time within which these rules require the defendant
to appear and defend, and shall notify him that in case of his failure
to do so judgment by default will be rendered against him for the
relief demanded in the complaint. When, under Rule 4(e), service
is made pursuant to a statute or rule of court of a state, the summons,
or notice, or order in lieu of summons shall correspond as nearly as
may be to that required by the statute or rule.
(d) SUMMONS: PERSONAL SERVICE.
(4) Upon the United States, by delivering a copy of the sum-
mons and of the complaint to the United States attorney for the
district in which the action is brought or to an assistant United
States attorney or clerical employee designated by the United
States attorney in a writing filed with the clerk of the court and
by sending a copy of the summons and of the complaint by regis-
tered or certified mail to the Attorney General of the United
650278-63-46

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
165
States at Washington, District of Columbia, and in any action
attacking the validity of an order of an officer or agency of the
United States not made a party, by also sending a copy of the
summons and of the complaint by registered or certified mail
to such officer or agency.
(7) Upon a defendant of any class referred to in paragraph
(1) or (3) of this subdivision of this rule, it is also sufficient if
the summons and complaint are served in the manner prescribed
by any statute of the United States or in the manner prescribed
by the law of the state in which the district court is held for the
service of summons or other like process upon any such defendant
in an action brought in the courts of general jurisdiction of that
state.
(e) SAME: SERVICE UPON PARTY NOT INHABITANT OF OR FOUND
WITHIN STATE. Whenever a statute of the United States or an order
of court thereunder provides for service of a summons, or of a notice,
or of an order in lieu of summons upon a party not an inhabitant of
or found within the state in which the district court is held, service
may be made under the circumstances and in the manner prescribed
by the statute or order, or, if there is no provision therein prescribing
the manner of service, in a manner stated in this rule. Whenever a
statute or rule of court of the state in which the district court is held
provides (1) for service of a summons, or of a notice, or of an order in
lieu of summons upon a party not an inhabitant of or found within
the state, or (2) for service upon or notice to him to appear and
respond or defend in an action by reason of the attachment or garnish-
ment or similar seizure of his property located within the state, service
in either case be made under the circumstances and in the manner
prescribed in the statute or rule.
may
(f) TERRITORIAL LIMITS OF EFFECTIVE SERVICE. All process other
than a subpoena may be served anywhere within the territorial limits
of the state in which the district court is held, and, when authorized
by a statute of the United States or by these rules, beyond the terri-
torial limits of that state. In addition, persons who are brought in
as parties pursuant to Rule 13 (h) or Rule 14, or as additional parties
to a pending action pursuant to Rule 19, may be served in the manner
stated in paragraphs (1)-(6) of subdivision (d) of this rule at all
places outside the state but within the United States that are not more
than 100 miles from the place in which the action is commenced, or
to which it is assigned or transferred for trial; and persons required
to respond to an order of commitment for civil contempt may be served
at the same places. A subpoena may be served within the territorial
limits provided in Rule 45.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
(i) ALTERNATIVE PROVISIONS FOR SERVICE IN A FOREIGN COUNTRY.
166
(1) Manner. When the federal or state law referred to in
subdivision (e) of this rule authorizes service upon a party not
an inhabitant of or found within the state in which the district
court is held, and service is to be effected upon the party in a for-
eign country, it is also sufficient if service of the summons and
complaint is made: (A) in the manner prescribed by the law of
the foreign country for service in that country in an action in
any of its courts of general jurisdiction; or (B) as directed by
the foreign authority in response to a letter rogatory, when serv-
ice in either case is reasonably calculated to give actual notice;
or (C) upon an individual, by delivery to him personally, and
upon a corporation or partnership or association, by delivery to
an officer, a managing or general agent; or (D) by any form of
mail, requiring a signed receipt, to be addressed and dispatched
by the clerk of the court to the party to be served; or (E) as
directed by order of the court. Service under (C) or (E) above
may be made by any person who is not a party and is not less than
18 years of age or who is designated by order of the district court
or by the foreign court. On request, the clerk shall deliver the
summons to the plaintiff for transmission to the person or the
foreign court or officer who will make the service.
(2) Return. Proof of service may be made as prescribed by
subdivision (g) of this rule, or by the law of the foreign country,
or by order of the court. When service is made pursuant to sub-
paragraph (1)(D) of this subdivision, proof of service shall
include a receipt signed by the addressee or other evidence of
delivery to the addressee satisfactory to the court.
RULE 5. SERVICE AND FILING OF PLEADINGS AND OTHER PAPERS
(a) SERVICE: WHEN REQUIRED. Except as otherwise provided in
these rules, every order required by its terms to be served, every
pleading subsequent to the original complaint unless the court other-
wise orders because of numerous defendants, every written motion
other than one which may be heard ex parte, and every written notice,
appearance, demand, offer of judgment, designation of record on
appeal, and similar paper shall be served upon each of the parties.
No service need be made on parties in default for failure to appear
except that pleadings asserting new or additional claims for relief
against them shall be served upon them in the manner provided for
service of summons in Rule 4.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
167
RULE 6. TIME
(a) COMPUTATION. In computing any period of time prescribed
or allowed by these rules, by the local rules of any district court, by
order of court, or by any applicable statute, the day of the act, event,
or default from which the designated period of time begins to run
shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall
be included, unless it is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday, in
which event the period runs until the end of the next day which is
not a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday. When the period of
time prescribed or allowed is less than 7 days, intermediate Saturdays,
Sundays, and legal holidays shall be excluded in the computation.
As used in this rule and in Rule 77 (c), “legal holiday" includes New
Year's Day, Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence
Day, Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day,
and any other day appointed as a holiday by the President or the Con-
gress of the United States, or by the state in which the district court
is held.
(b) ENLARGEMENT. When by these rules or by a notice given
thereunder or by order of court an act is required or allowed to be
done at or within a specified time, the court for cause shown may at
any time in its discretion (1) with or without motion or notice order
the period enlarged if request therefor is made before the expiration
of the period originally prescribed or as extended by a previous order
or (2) upon motion made after the expiration of the specified period
permit the act to be done where the failure to act was the result of
excusable neglect; but it may not extend the time for taking any
action under Rules 50(b), 52(b), 59(b), (d) and (e), 60(b), and
73 (a) and (g), except to the extent and under the conditions stated
in them.
RULE 7. PLEADINGS ALLOWED; FORM OF MOTIONS
(a) PLEADINGS. There shall be a complaint and an answer; a reply
to a counterclaim denominated as such; an answer to a cross-claim, if
the answer contains a cross-claim; a third-party complaint, if a person
who was not an original party is summoned under the provisions of
Rule 14; and a third-party answer, if a third-party complaint is
served. No other pleading shall be allowed, except that the court
may order a reply to an answer or a third-party answer.
RULE 12. DEFENSES AND OBJECTIONS-WHEN AND HOW PRESENTED-
BY PLEADING OR MOTION-MOTION FOR JUDGMENT ON
PLEADINGS
(a) WHEN PRESENTED. A defendant shall serve his answer within
20 days after the service of the summons and complaint upon him.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
168
except when service is made under Rule 4(e) and a different time is
prescribed in the order of court under the statute of the United States
or in the statute or rule of court of the state. A party served with
a pleading stating a cross-claim against him shall serve an answer
thereto within 20 days after the service upon him. The plaintiff shall
serve his reply to a counterclaim in the answer within 20 days after
service of the answer or, if a reply is ordered by the court, within
20 days after service of the order, unless the order otherwise directs.
The United States or an officer or agency thereof shall serve an an-
swer to the complaint or to a cross-claim, or a reply to a counterclaim,
within 60 days after the service upon the United States attorney of
the pleading in which the claim is asserted. The service of a motion
permitted under this rule alters these periods of time as follows, unless
a different time is fixed by order of the court: (1) if the court denies
the motion or postpones its disposition until the trial on the merits,
the responsive pleading shall be served within 10 days after notice
of the court's action; (2) if the court grants a motion for a more
definite statement the responsive pleading shall be served within 10
days after the service of the more definite statement.
RULE 13. COUNTERCLAIM AND CROSS-CLAIM
(a) COMPULSORY COUNTERCLAIMS. A pleading shall state as a
counterclaim any claim which at the time of serving the pleading the
pleader has against any opposing party, if it arises out of the transac-
tion or occurrence that is the subject matter of the opposing party's
claim and does not require for its adjudication the presence of third
parties of whom the court cannot acquire jurisdiction. But the
pleader need not state the claim if (1) at the time the action was
commenced the claim was the subject of another pending action, or
(2) the opposing party brought suit upon his claim by attachment
or other process by which the court did not acquire jurisdiction to
render a personal judgment on that claim, and the pleader is not
stating any counterclaim under this Rule 13.
RULE 14. THIRD-PARTY PRACTICE
(a) WHEN DEFENDANT MAY BRING IN THIRD PARTY, At any time
after commencement of the action a defendant, as a third-party plain-
tiff, may cause a summons and complaint to be served upon a person not
a party to the action who is or may be liable to him for all or part of
the plaintiff's claim against him. The third-party plaintiff need not
obtain leave to make the service if he files the third-party complaint
not later than 10 days after he serves his original answer. Otherwise
he must obtain leave on motion upon notice to all parties to the
action. The person served with the summons and third-party com-
plaint, hereinafter called the third-party defendant, shall make his
defenses to the third-party plaintiff's claim as provided in Rule 12
650278-63-47
0

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
169
and his counterclaims against the third-party plaintiff and cross-
claims against other third-party defendants as provided in Rule 13.
The third-party defendant may assert against the plaintiff any de-
fenses which the third-party plaintiff has to the plaintiff's claim. The
third-party defendant may also assert any claim against the plaintiff
arising out of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter
of the plaintiff's claim against the third-party plaintiff. The plaintiff
may assert any claim against the third-party defendant arising out
of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the
plaintiff's claim against the third-party plaintiff, and the third-party
defendant thereupon shall assert his defenses as provided in Rule 12
and his counterclaims and cross-claims as provided in Rule 13. Any
party may move to strike the third-party claim, or for its severance
or separate trial. A third-party defendant may proceed under this
rule against any person not a party to the action who is or may be
liable to him for all or part of the claim made in the action against
the third-party defendant.
RULE 15. AMENDED AND SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADINGS
(d) SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADINGS. Upon motion of a party the court
may, upon reasonable notice and upon such terms as are just, permit
him to serve a supplemental pleading setting forth transactions or
occurrences or events which have happened since the date of the
pleading sought to be supplemented. Permission may be granted even
though the original pleading is defective in its statement of a claim
for relief or defense. If the court deems it advisable that the adverse
party plead to the supplemental pleading, it shall so order, specifying
the time therefor.
RULE 24. INTERVENTION
(c) PROCEDURE. A person desiring to intervene shall serve a mo-
tion to intervene upon the parties as provided in Rule 5. The motion
shall state the grounds therefor and shall be accompanied by a plead-
ing setting forth the claim or defense for which intervention is sought.
The same procedure shall be followed when a statute of the United
States gives a right to intervene. When the constitutionality of an
act of Congress affecting the public interest is drawn in question in
any action to which the United States or an officer, agency, or em-
ployee thereof is not a party, the court shall notify the Attorney
General of the United States as provided in Title 28, U.S.C., § 2403.
RULE 25. SUBSTITUTION OF PARTIES
(a) DEATH.
(1) If a party dies and the claim is not thereby extinguished,
the court may order substitution of the proper parties. The mo-
tion for substitution may be made by any party or by the suc-

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
170
cessors or representatives of the deceased party and, together with
the notice of hearing, shall be served on the parties as provided
in Rule 5 and upon persons not parties in the manner provided
in Rule 4 for the service of a summons, and may be served in any
judicial district. Unless the motion for substitution is made not
later than 90 days after the death is suggested upon the record
by service of a statement of the fact of the death as provided
herein for the service of the motion, the action shall be dismissed
as to the deceased party.
RULE 26. DEPOSITIONS PENDING ACTION
(e) OBJECTIONS TO ADMISSIBILITY. Subject to the provisions of
Rules 28 (b) and 32(c), objection may be made at the trial or hearing
to receiving in evidence any deposition or part thereof for any reason
which would require the exclusion of the evidence if the witness were
then present and testifying.
RULE 28. PERSONS BEFORE WHOM DEPOSITIONS MAY BE TAKEN
(b) IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. In a foreign country, depositions may
be taken (1) on notice before a person authorized to administer oaths
in the place in which the examination is held, either by the law thereof
or by the law of the United States, or (2) before a person commis-
sioned by the court, and a person so commissioned shall have the
power by virtue of his commission to administer any necessary oath
and take testimony, or (3) pursuant to a letter rogatory. A com-
mission or a letter rogatory shall be issued on application and notice
and on terms that are just and appropriate. It is not requisite to the
issuance of a commission or a letter rogatory that the taking of the
deposition in any other manner is impracticable or inconvenient; and
both a commission and a letter rogatory may be issued in proper
cases. A notice or commission may designate the person before whom
the deposition is to be taken either by name or descriptive title. A
letter rogatory may be addressed "To the Appropriate Authority in
[here name the country]." Evidence obtained in response to a letter
rogatory need not be excluded merely for the reason that it is not a
verbatim transcript or that the testimony was not taken under oath
or for any similar departure from the requirements for depositions
taken within the United States under these rules.
RULE 30. DEPOSITIONS UPON ORAL EXAMINATION
(f) CERTIFICATION AND FILING BY OFFICER; COPIES; NOTICE OF
FILING.
(1) The officer shall certify on the deposition that the witness
was duly sworn by him and that the deposition is a true record
of the testimony given by the witness. He shall then securely
seal the deposition in an envelope indorsed with the title of the

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
171
action and marked "Deposition of [here insert name of witness]"
and shall promptly file it with the court in which the action is
pending or send it by registered or certified mail to the clerk there-
of for filing.
RULE 41. DISMISSAL OF ACTIONS
(b) INVOLUNTARY DISMISSAL: EFFECT THEREOF. For failure of
the plaintiff to prosecute or to comply with these rules or any order
of court, a defendant may move for dismissal of an action or of any
claim against him. After the plaintiff, in an action tried by the court
without a jury, has completed the presentation of his evidence, the
defendant, without waiving his right to offer evidence in the event
the motion is not granted, may move for a dismissal on the ground
that upon the facts and the law the plaintiff has shown no right to
relief. The court as trier of the facts may then determine them and
render judgment against the plaintiff or may decline to render any
judgment until the close of all the evidence. If the court renders
judgment on the merits against the plaintiff, the court shall make
findings as provided in Rule 52 (a). Unless the court in its order for
dismissal otherwise specifies, a dismissal under this subdivision and
any dismissal not provided for in this rule, other than a dismissal for
lack of jurisdiction or for improper venue or for lack of an indis-
pensable party, operates as an adjudication upon the merits.
RULE 49. SPECIAL VERDICTS AND INTERROGATORIES
(b) GENERAL VERDICT ACCOMPANIED BY ANSWER TO INTERROGA-
TORIES. The court may submit to the jury, together with appropriate
forms for a general verdict, written interrogatories upon one or more
issues of fact the decision of which is necessary to a verdict. The
court shall give such explanation or instruction as may be necessary
to enable the jury both to make answers to the interrogatories and to
render a general verdict, and the court shall direct the jury both to
make written answers and to render a general verdict. When the
general verdict and the answers are harmonious, the appropriate
judgment upon the verdict and answers shall be entered pursuant to
Rule 58. When the answers are consistent with each other but one
or more is inconsistent with the general verdict, judgment may be
entered pursuant to Rule 58 in accordance with the answers, not-
withstanding the general verdict, or the court may return the jury
for further consideration of its answers and verdict or may order a
new trial. When the answers are inconsistent with each other and
one or more is likewise inconsistent with the general verdict, judg-
ment shall not be entered, but the court shall return the jury for
further consideration of its answers and verdict or shall order a new
trial.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
172
RULE 50. MOTION FOR A DIRECTED VERDICT AND FOR JUDGMENT NOT-
WITHSTANDING THE VERDICT
(a) MOTION FOR DIRECTED VERDICT: WHEN MADE; EFFECT. A
party who moves for a directed verdict at the close of the evidence
offered by an opponent may offer evidence in the event that the motion
is not granted, without having reserved the right so to do and to the
same extent as if the motion had not been made. A motion for a
directed verdict which is not granted is not a waiver of trial by jury
even though all parties to the action have moved for directed verdicts.
A motion for a directed verdict shall state the specific grounds there-
for. The order of the court granting a motion for a directed verdict
is effective without any assent of the jury.
(b) MOTION FOR JUDGMENT NOTWITHSTANDING THE VERDICT. When-
ever a motion for a directed verdict made at the close of all the evi-
dence is denied or for any reason is not granted, the court is deemed
to have submitted the action to the jury subject to a later determina-
tion of the legal questions raised by the motion. Not later than 10
days after entry of judgment, a party who has moved for a directed ver-
dict may move to have the verdict and any judgment entered thereon set
aside and to have judgment entered in accordance with his motion for
a directed verdict; or if a verdict was not returned such party, within
10 days after the jury has been discharged, may move for judgment
in accordance with his motion for a directed verdict. A motion for a
new trial may be joined with his motion, or a new trial may be prayed
for in the alternative. If a verdict was returned the court may allow
the judgment to stand or may reopen the judgment and either order
a new trial or direct the entry of judgment as if the requested verdict
had been directed. If no verdict was returned the court may direct
the entry of judgment as if the requested verdict had been directed or
may order a new trial.
(c) SAME: CONDITIONAL RULINGS ON GRANT OF MOTION.
(1) If the motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict,
provided for in subdivision (b) of this rule, is granted, the court
shall also rule on the motion for a new trial, if any, by determin-
ing whether it should be granted if the judgment is thereafter
vacated or reversed, and shall specify the grounds for granting or
denying the motion for the new trial. If the motion for a new
trial is thus conditionally granted, the order thereon does not
affect the finality of the judgment. In case the motion for a new
trial has been conditionally granted and the judgment is reversed
on appeal, the new trial shall proceed unless the appellate court
has otherwise ordered. In case the motion for a new trial has
been conditionally denied, the appellee on appeal may assert error
in that denial; and if the judgment is reversed on appeal, subse-
650278-63-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
173
quent proceedings shall be in accordance with the order of the
appellate court.
(2) The party whose verdict has been set aside on motion for
judgment notwithstanding the verdict may serve a motion for a
new trial pursuant to Rule 59 not later than 10 days after entry
of the judgment notwithstanding the verdict.
(d) SAME: DENIAL OF MOTION. If the motion for judgment not-
withstanding the verdict is denied, the party who prevailed on that
motion may, as appellee, assert grounds entitling him to a new trial in
the event the appellate court concludes that the trial court erred in
denying the motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict. If the
appellate court reverses the judgment, nothing in this rule precludes
it from determining that the appellee is entitled to a new trial, or
from directing the trial court to determine whether a new trial shall
be granted.
RULE 52. FINDINGS BY THE COURT
(a) EFFECT. In all actions tried upon the facts without a jury or
with an advisory jury, the court shall find the facts specially and
state separately its conclusions of law thereon, and judgment shall
be entered pursuant to Rule 58; and in granting or refusing inter-
locutory injunctions the court shall similarly set forth the findings
of fact and conclusions of law which constitute the grounds of its
action. Requests for findings are not necessary for purposes of re-
view. Findings of fact shall not be set aside unless clearly erroneous,
and due regard shall be given to the opportunity of the trial court to
judge of the credibility of the witnesses. The findings of a master,
to the extent that the court adopts them, shall be considered as the
findings of the court. If an opinion or memorandum of decision is
filed, it will be sufficient if the findings of fact and conclusions of law
appear therein. Findings of facts and conclusions of law are un-
necessary on decisions of motions under Rules 12 or 56 or any other
motion except as provided in Rule 41 (b).
RULE 56. Summary JudGMENT
(c) MOTION AND PROCEEDINGS THEREON. The motion shall be
served at least 10 days before the time fixed for the hearing. The ad-
verse party prior to the day of hearing may serve opposing affidavits.
The judgment sought shall be rendered forthwith if the pleadings,
depositions, answers to interrogatories, and admissions on file, to-
gether with the affidavits, if any, show that there is no genuine issue as
to any material fact and that the moving party is entitled to a judg-
ment as a matter of law. A summary judgment, interlocutory in
character, may be rendered on the issue of liability alone although
there is a genuine issue as to the amount of damages.
h

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
174
(e) FORM OF AFFIDAVITS; FURTHER TESTIMONY; DEFENSE REQUIRED.
Supporting and opposing affidavits shall be made on personal knowl-
edge, shall set forth such facts as would be admissible in evidence, and
shall show affirmatively that the affiant is competent to testify to the
matters stated therein. Sworn or certified copies of all papers or parts
thereof referred to in an affidavit shall be attached thereto or served
therewith. The court may permit affidavits to be supplemented or
opposed by depositions, answers to interrogatories, or further affi-
davits. When a motion for summary judgment is made and supported
as provided in this rule, an adverse party may not rest upon the mere
allegations or denials of his pleading, but his response, by affidavits
or as otherwise provided in this rule, must set forth specific facts show-
ing that there is a genuine issue for trial. If he does not so respond,
summary judgment, if appropriate, shall be entered against him.
RULE 58. ENTRY OF JUDGMENT
Subject to the provisions of Rule 54(b): (1) upon a general verdict
of a jury, or upon a decision by the court that a party shall recover
only a sum certain or costs or that all relief shall be denied, the clerk,
unless the court otherwise orders, shall forthwith prepare, sign, and
enter the judgment without awaiting any direction by the court; (2)
upon a decision by the court granting other relief, or upon a special
verdict or a general verdict accompanied by answers to interrogatories,
the court shall promptly approve the form of the judgment, and the
clerk shall thereupon enter it. Every judgment shall be set forth on
a separate document. A judgment is effective only when so set forth
and when entered as provided in Rule 79 (a). Entry of the
judgment shall not be delayed for the taxing of costs. Attorneys shall
not submit forms of judgment except upon direction of the court, and
these directions shall not be given as a matter of course.
RULE 71A. CONDEMNATION OF PROPERTY
(d) PROCESS.
(3) Service of Notice.
(i) Personal service. Personal service of the notice (but
without copies of the complaint) shall be made in accordance
with Rule 4 (c) and (d) upon a defendant who resides within
the United States or its territories or insular possessions and
whose residence is known.
RULE 77. DISTRICT COURTS AND CLERKS
(c) CLERK'S OFFICE AND ORDERS BY CLERK. The clerk's office with
the clerk or a deputy in attendance shall be open during business hours
on all days except Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays, but a
district court may provide by local rule or order that its clerk's office
shall be open for specified hours on Saturdays or particular legal

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
175
holidays other than New Year's Day, Washington's Birthday, Me-
morial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanks-
giving Day, and Christmas Day. All motions and applications in the
clerk's office for issuing mesne process, for issuing final process to
enforce and execute judgments, for entering defaults or judgments by
default, and for other proceedings which do not require allowance
or order of the court are grantable of course by the clerk; but his
action may be suspended or altered or rescinded by the court upon
cause shown.
(d) NOTICE OF ORDERS OR JUDGMENTS. Immediately upon the entry
of an order or judgment the clerk shall serve a notice of the entry
by mail in the manner provided for in Rule 5 upon each party who
is not in default for failure to appear, and shall make a note in the
docket of the mailing. Such mailing is sufficient notice for all pur-
poses for which notice of the entry of an order is required by these
rules; but any party may in addition serve a notice of such entry in
the manner provided in Rule 5 for the service of papers. Lack of
notice of the entry by the clerk does not affect the time to appeal or
relieve or authorize the court to relieve a party for failure to appeal
within the time allowed, except as permitted in Rule 73 (a).
RULE 79. BOOKS AND RECORDS KEPT BY THE CLERK AND ENTRIES
THEREIN
(a) CIVIL DOCKET. The clerk shall keep a book known as "civil
docket" of such form and style as may be prescribed by the Director
of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts with the
approval of the Judicial Conference of the United States, and shall
enter therein each civil action to which these rules are made applicable.
Actions shall be assigned consecutive file numbers. The file number
of each action shall be noted on the folio of the docket whereon the
first entry of the action is made. All papers filed with the clerk, all
process issued and returns made thereon, all appearances, orders,
verdicts, and judgments shall be entered chronologically in the civil
docket on the folio assigned to the action and shall be marked with
its file number. These entries shall be brief but shall show the nature
of each paper filed or writ issued and the substance of each order or
judgment of the court and of the returns showing execution of process.
The entry of an order or judgment shall show the date the entry is
made. When in an action trial by jury has been properly demanded
or ordered the clerk shall enter the word "jury" on the folio assigned
to that action.
RULE 81. APPLICABILITY IN GENERAL
(a) To WHAT PROCEEDINGS APPLICABLE.
(4) These rules do not alter the method prescribed by the Act
of February 18, 1922, c. 57, § 2 (42 Stat. 388), U.S.C., Title 7,

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
176
§292; or by the Act of June 10, 1930, c. 436, § 7 (46 Stat. 534), as
amended, U.S.C., Title 7, § 499g (c), for instituting proceedings
in the United States district courts to review orders of the Secre-
tary of Agriculture; or prescribed by the Act of June 25, 1934,
c. 742, § 2 (48 Stat. 1214), U.S.C., Title 15, § 522, for instituting
proceedings to review orders of the Secretary of the Interior; or
prescribed by the Act of February 22, 1935, c. 18, § 5 (49 Stat. 31),
U.S.C., Title 15, § 715d (c), as extended, for instituting proceed-
ings to review orders of petroleum control boards; but the conduct
of such proceedings in the district courts shall be made to conform
to these rules so far as applicable.
(6) These rules apply to proceedings for enforcement or re-
view of compensation orders under the Longshoremen's and
Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, Act of March 4, 1927, c.
509, §§ 18, 21 (44 Stat. 1434, 1436), as amended, U.S.C., Title
33, §§ 918, 921, except to the extent that matters of procedure are
provided for in that Act. The provisions for service by publica-
tion and for answer in proceedings to cancel certificates of citizen-
ship under the Act of June 27, 1952, c. 477, Title III, c. 2, § 340
(66 Stat. 260), U.S.C., Title 8, § 1451, remain in effect.
(c) REMOVED ACTIONS. These rules apply to civil actions removed
to the United States district courts from the state courts and govern
procedure after removal. Repleading is not necessary unless the court
so orders. In a removed action in which the defendant has not an-
swered, he shall answer or present the other defenses or objections
available to him under these rules within 20 days after the receipt
through service or otherwise of a copy of the initial pleading setting
forth the claim for relief upon which the action or proceeding is based,
or within 20 days after the service of summons upon such initial plead-
ing, then filed, or within 5 days after the filing of the petition for re-
moval, whichever period is longest. If at the time of removal all
necessary pleadings have been served, a party entitled to trial by jury
under Rule 38 shall be accorded it, if his demand therefor is served
within 10 days after the petition for removal is filed if he is the peti-
tioner, or if he is not the petitioner within 10 days after service
on him of the notice of filing the petition. A party who, prior
to removal, has made an express demand for trial by jury in
accordance with state law, need not make a demand after removal. If
state law applicable in the court from which the case is removed does
not require the parties to make express demands in order to claim trial
by jury, they need not make demands after removal unless the court di-
rects that they do so within a specified time if they desire to claim trial
by jury. The court may make this direction on its own motion and
shall do so as a matter of course at the request of any party. The

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
177
failure of a party to make demand as directed constitutes a waiver by
him of trial by jury.
(f) REFERENCES TO OFFICER OF THE UNITED STATES. Under any
rule in which reference is made to an officer or agency of the United
States, the term "officer" includes a district director of internal rev-
enue, a former district director or collector of internal revenue, or the
personal representative of a deceased district director or collector of
internal revenue.
FORM 3. COMPLAINT ON A PROMISSORY NOTE
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant on or about June 1, 1935, executed and delivered to
plaintiff a promissory note [in the following words and figures: (here
set out the note verbatim)]; [a copy of which is hereto annexed as Ex-
hibit A]; [whereby defendant promised to pay to plaintiff or order on
June 1, 1936 the sum of
dollars with interest thereon at the
rate of six percent. per annum].
3. Defendant owes to plaintiff the amount of said note and interest.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant for the
dollars, interest, and costs.
sum of
Signed:
Attorney for Plaintiff.
Address:
[Explanatory Note unchanged.]
FORM 4. COMPLAINT ON AN ACCOUNT
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant owes plaintiff
count hereto annexed as Exhibit A.
Wherefore (etc. as in Form 3).
dollars according to the ac-
FORM 5. COMPLAINT FOR GOODS SOLD AND DELIVERED
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant owes plaintiff
dollars for goods sold and
delivered by plaintiff to defendant between June 1, 1936 and December
1, 1936.
Wherefore (etc. as in Form 3.)
[Explanatory Note unchanged.]

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
178
FORM 6. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY LENT
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant owes plaintiff
plaintiff to defendant on June 1, 1936.
Wherefore (etc. as in Form 3).
dollars for money lent by
FORM 7. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY PAID BY MISTAKE
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant owes plaintiff
dollars for money paid by
plaintiff to defendant by mistake on June 1, 1936, under the following
circumstances: [here state the circumstances with particularity-see
Rule 9(b)].
Wherefore (etc. as in Form 3).
FORM 8. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY HAD AND RECEIVED
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
2. Defendant owes plaintiff
dollars for money had and
received from one G. H. on June 1, 1936, to be paid by defendant to
plaintiff.
Wherefore (etc. as in Form 3).
FORM 9. COMPLAINT FOR NEGLIGENCE
[Amend the "Wherefore" clause to read as follows:]
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the
sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 10. COMPLAINT FOR NEGLIGENCE WHERE PLAINTIFF IS UNABLE
TO DETERMINE DEFINITELy Whether tHE PERSON RESPON-
SIBLE IS C. D. OR E. F. OR WHETHER BOTH ARE RESPONSIBLE
AND WHERE HIS EVIDENCE MAY JUSTIFY A FINDING OF WIL-
FULNESS OR OF RECKLESSNESS OR OF NEGLIGENCE
[Amend the "Wherefore" clause to read as follows:]
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against C. D. or against
E. F. or against both in the sum of
FORM 11. COMPLAINT FOR CONVERSION
1. Allegation of jurisdiction.
dollars and costs.
2. On or about December 1, 1936, defendant converted to his own.
use ten bonds of the __
Company (here insert brief
dol-
identification as by number and issue) of the value of
lars, the property of plaintiff.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the
sum of
dollars, interest, and costs.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
179
FORM 12. COMPLAINT FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF CONTRACT TO
CONVEY LAND
[Amend the "Wherefore" clause to read as follows:]
Wherefore plaintiff demands (1) that defendant be required spe-
cifically to perform said agreement, (2) damages in the sum of one
thousand dollars, and (3) that if specific performance is not granted
plaintiff have judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars.
FORM 13. COMPLAINT ON CLAIM FOR DEBT AND TO SET ASIDE FRAUDU-
LENT CONVEYANCE UNDER RULE 18(b)
[Amend the "Wherefore" clause to read as follows:]
Wherefore plaintiff demands:
(1) That plaintiff have judgment against defendant C. D. for
dollars and interest; (2) that the aforesaid conveyance to
defendant E. F. be declared void and the judgment herein be declared
a lien on said property; (3) that plaintiff have judgment against the
defendants for costs.
FORM 16. COMPLAINT FOR INFRINGEMENT OF PATENT
[Amend the "Wherefore" clause to read as follows:]
Wherefore plaintiff demands a preliminary and final injunction
against continued infringement, an accounting for damages, and an
assessment of interest and costs against defendant.
FORM 18. COMPLAINT FOR INTERPLEADER AND DECLARATORY RELIEF
[Amend the second paragraph of the complaint to read as follows:]
2. On or about June 1, 1935, plaintiff issued to G. H. a policy of
life insurance whereby plaintiff promised to pay to K. L. as bene-
ficiary the sum of
dollars upon the death of G. H. The
policy required the payment by G. H. of a stipulated premium on
June 1, 1936, and annually thereafter as a condition precedent to its
continuance in force.
FORM 21. ANSWER TO COMPLAINT SET FORTH IN FORM 8, WITH COUN-
TERCLAIM FOR INTERPLEADER
[Amend the first paragraph of the Counterclaim for Interpleader to
read as follows:]
1. Defendant received the sum of
from E.F.
dollars as a deposit
FORM 22-A. SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT AGAINST THIRD-PARTY DE-
FENDANT
[The contents of Form 22 are eliminated down to and including the
words "Exhibit A," thus eliminating the motion and notice of mo-
tion.]

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
180
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
Civil Action, File Number ---
A.B., Plaintiff
v.
C.D., Defendant and Third-Party
Plaintiff
v.
E.F., Third-Party Defendant
To the above-named Third-Party Defendant:
Summons
You are hereby summoned and required to serve upon
plaintiff's attorney whose address is
-----
----9
----
and upon
who is attorney for C.D., defendant and third-party
plaintiff, and whose address is
an answer to the
third-party complaint which is herewith served upon you within 20
days after the service of this summons upon you exclusive of the day
of service. If you fail to do so, judgment by default will be taken
against you for the relief demanded in the third-party complaint.
There is also served upon you herewith a copy of the complaint of
the plaintiff which you may but are not required to answer.
[Seal of District Court]
Dated
Clerk of Court.
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
Civil Action, File Number
A.B., Plaintiff
v.
C.D., Defendant and Third-Party
Plaintiff
v.
E.F., Third-Party Defendant
Third-Party Complaint
1. Plaintiff A.B. has filed against defendant C.D. a complaint, a
copy of which is hereto attached as "Exhibit A."
2. (Here state the grounds upon which C.D. is entitled to recover
from E.F., all or part of what A.B. may recover from C.D. The state-
ment should be framed as in an original complaint.)

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
181
Wherefore C.D. demands judgment against third-party defendant
E.F. for all sums¹ that may be adjudged against defendant C.D. in
favor of plaintiff A.B.
Signed:
Attorney for C.D., Third-Party Plaintiff.
Address:
FORM 22-B. MOTION TO BRING IN THIRD-PARTY DEFENDANT
Defendant moves for leave, as third-party plaintiff, to cause to be
served upon E.F. a summons and third-party complaint, copies of
which are hereto attached as Exhibit X.
Signed:
Attorney for Defendant C.D.
Address:
Notice of Motion
(Contents the same as in Form 19. The notice should be addressed
to all parties to the action.)
Exhibit X
(Contents the same as in Form 22-A.)
FORM 30. SUGGESTION OF DEATH UPON THE RECORD UNDER RULE
25(a) (1)
[NEW]
A.B. [describe as a party, or as executor, administrator, or other
representative or successor of C.D., the deceased party] suggests upon
the record, pursuant to Rule 25(a) (1), the death of C.D. [describe
as party] during the pendency of this action.
FORM 31. JUDGMENT ON JURY VERDICT
[NEW]
United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York
Civil Action, File Number
A.B., Plaintiff
v.
C.D., Defendant
Judgment
1 Make appropriate change where C. D. is entitled to only partial recovery-over
against E. F.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
182
This action came on for trial before the Court and a jury, Honorable
John Marshall, District Judge, presiding, and the issues having been
duly tried and the jury having duly rendered its verdict,
It is Ordered and Adjudged
[that the plaintiff A.B. recover of the defendant C.D. the sum of
with interest thereon at the rate of
---
vided by law, and his costs of action.]
----
per cent as pro-
[that the plaintiff take nothing, that the action be dismissed on the
merits, and that the defendant C.D. recover of the plaintiff A.B. his
costs of action.]
Dated at New York, New York, this
day of
-
19__.
EXPLANATORY NOTE
Clerk of Court.
1. This Form is illustrative of the judgment to be entered upon the
general verdict of a jury. It deals with the cases where there is a
general jury verdict awarding the plaintiff money damages or finding
for the defendant, but is adaptable to other situations of jury verdicts.
2. The clerk, unless the court otherwise orders, is required forth-
with to prepare, sign, and enter the judgment upon a general jury
verdict without awaiting any direction by the court. The form of the
judgment upon a special verdict or a general verdict accompanied by
answers to interrogatories shall be promptly approved by the court,
and the clerk shall thereupon enter it. See Rule 58, as amended.
3. The Rules contemplate a simple judgment promptly entered.
See Rule 54(a). Every judgment shall be set forth on a separate
document. See Rule 58, as amended.
4. Attorneys are not to submit forms of judgment unless directed in
exceptional cases to do so by the court. See Rule 58, as amended.
FORM 32. JUDGMENT ON DECISION BY THE COURT
[NEW]
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
Civil Action, File Number
A.B., Plaintiff
v.
C.D., Defendant
Judgment

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
183
This action came on for [trial] [hearing] before the Court, Honor-
able John Marshall, District Judge, presiding, and the issues having
been duly [tried] [heard] and a decision having been duly rendered,
It is Ordered and Adjudged
[that the plaintiff A. B. recover of the defendant C. D. the sum of
with interest thereon at the rate of per cent as pro-
--
vided by law, and his costs of action.]
[that the plaintiff take nothing, that the action be dismissed on
the merits, and that the defendant C. D. recover of the plaintiff A. B.
his costs of action.]
Dated at New York, New York, this
19____.
day of
EXPLANATORY NOTE
Clerk of Court.
1. This Form is illustrative of the judgment to be entered upon a
decision of the court. It deals with the cases of decisions by the court
awarding a party only money damages or costs, but is adaptable to
other decisions by the court.
2. The clerk, unless the court otherwise orders, is required forth-
with, without awaiting any direction by the court, to prepare, sign,
and enter the judgment upon a decision by the court that a party
shall recover only a sum certain or costs or that all relief shall be
denied. The form of the judgment upon a decision by the court
granting other relief shall be promptly approved by the court, and
the clerk shall thereupon enter it. See Rule 58, as amended.
3. See also paragraphs 3-4 of the Explanatory Note to Form 31.
RULE 86. EFFECTIVE DATE
(e) EFFECTIVE DATE OF AMENDMENTS. The amendments adopted
by the Supreme Court on January 21, 1963, and transmitted to the
Congress on
1963, shall take effect on
1963. They govern all proceedings in actions brought after they
take effect and also all further proceedings in actions then pending,
except to the extent that in the opinion of the court their application
in a particular action pending when the amendments take effect would
not be feasible or would work injustice, in which event the former
procedure applies.
2. That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit these amend-
ments to Congress in accordance with the provisions of Title 28,
U.S.C., Sec. 2072.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
184
STATEMENT OF MR. JUSTICE BLACK AND MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS ON THE
RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE AND THE PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
1
4
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are opposed to the sub-
mission of these rules ¹ to the Congress under a statute which permits
them to "take effect" and to repeal "all laws in conflict with such rules"
without requiring any affirmative consideration, action, or approval
of the rules by Congress or by the President.2 We believe that while
some of the Rules of Civil Procedure are simply housekeeping details,³
many determine matters so substantially affecting the rights of liti-
gants in law suits that in practical effect they are the equivalent of
new legislation which, in our judgment, the Constitution requires to
be initiated in and enacted by the Congress * and approved by the
President. The Constitution, as we read it, provides that all laws
shall be enacted by the House, the Senate, and the President, not by
the mere failure of Congress to reject proposals of an outside agency.
Even were there not this constitutional limitation, the authorizing
statute itself qualifies this Court's power by imposing upon it a solemn
responsibility not to submit rules that "abridge, enlarge or modify any
substantive right" and by specifically charging the Court with the
duty to "preserve the right to trial by jury as at common law and as
declared by the Seventh Amendment to the Constitution." 6 Our
chief objections to the rules relate essentially to the fact that many of
their provisions do "abridge, enlarge or modify" substantive rights
and do not "preserve the right to trial by jury" but actually encroach
upon it.
(1) (a) Rule 50(a) is amended by making the order of a judge
granting a motion for a directed verdict effective without submitting
the question to the jury at all. It was pointed out in Galloway v.
United States, 319 U.S. 372, 396, 401-407 (dissenting opinion), how
judges have whittled away or denied the right of trial by jury through
the devices of directed verdicts and judgments notwithstanding ver-
1 See our earlier statements in 368 U.S. 1012-1014 and 346 U.S. 946–947.
328 U.S.C. § 2072 gives this Court the power to prescribe rules of practice and proce-
dure for Federal District Courts and further provides that such rules
"shall not take effect until they have been reported to Congress by the Chief Justice
at or after the beginning of a regular session thereof but not later than the first day of
May, and until the expiration of ninety days after they have been thus reported.
"All laws in conflict with such rules shall be of no further force or effect after such
rules have taken effect."
3 See 368 U.S. 1012.
4 "All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United
States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives." U. S. Const.,
Art. I, § 1.
5 "Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate,
shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United States; ***”
U. S. Const., Art. I, § 7.
8 28 U. S. C., § 2072.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
185
dicts. Although the amendment here is not itself a momentous one,
it gives formal sanction to the process by which the courts have been
wresting from juries the power to render verdicts. Since we do not
approve of this sapping of the Seventh Amendment's guarantee of a
jury trial, we cannot join even this technical coup de grace.
(b) The proposed amendment to 50(c) in practical effect vests ap-
pellate courts with more power than they have had to grant or deny
new trials. The Court in Cone v. West Virginia Pulp & Paper Co.,
330 U.S. 212, 217-218, and Globe Liquor Co. v. San Roman, 332 U.S.
571, refused to construe the federal rules then existing to allow Courts
of Appeals to interfere with trial judges' discretion to grant new
trials. To the extent that jury verdicts are to be set aside and new
trials granted, we believe that those who hear the evidence, the trial
judges, are the ones who should primarily exercise such discretion.
(c) The proposed amendment to Rule 56(e) imposes additional
burdens upon litigants to protect against summary judgments ren-
dered without hearing evidence on the part of witnesses who are
confronted by the persons against whom they testify so that these
persons can subject the witnesses to cross-examination. The sum-
mary judgment procedure, while justified in some cases, is made a
handy instrument to let judges rather than juries try law suits and to
let those judges try cases not on evidence of witnesses subjected to
cross-examination but on ex parte affidavits obtained by parties.
Most trial lawyers would agree, we think, that a litigant can fre-
quently obtain in an actual trial favorable testimony which could not
have been secured by affidavits or even by depositions.
(d) If there are to be amendments, Rule 49 should be repealed.
That rule authorizes judges to require juries to return "only a special
verdict in the form of a special written finding upon each issue of
fact" or to answer "written interrogatories upon one or more issues
of fact the decision of which is necessary to a verdict" in addition to
rendering the general verdict. Such devices are used to impair or
wholly take away the power of a jury to render a general verdict. One
of the ancient, fundamental reasons for having general jury verdicts
was to preserve the right of trial by jury as an indispensable part of a
free government. Many of the most famous constitutional contro-
versies in England revolved around litigants' insistence, particularly
in seditious libel cases, that a jury had the right to render a general
verdict without being compelled to return a number of subsidiary
findings to support its general verdict. Some English jurors had to
go to jail because they insisted upon their right to render general
verdicts over the repeated commands of tyrannical judges not to do
Rule 49 is but another means utilized by courts to weaken the
constitutional power of juries and to vest judges with more power to
SO.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
186
decide cases according to their own judgments. A scrutiny of the
special verdict and written interrogatory cases in appellate courts
will show the confusion that necessarily results from the employment
of these devices and the ease with which judges can use them to take
away the right to trial by jury. We believe that Rule 49 be repealed,
not amplified.
(2) There is a proposal to amend Rule 41, which provides for
dismissal of actions. We believe that, if the Rules are to be changed,
a major amendment to this rule is required in the interest of justice.
Before dismissing a plaintiff's action for failure of his lawyer to prose-
cute, the trial judge should be required to have notice served on the
plaintiff himself. The hardship that can result from the absence of
such requirement is shown by Link v. Wabash R. Co., 370 U.S. 626.
Link's lawyer failed to appear in response to a judge's order for a
pre-trial conference, and the judge dismissed the case. As pointed out
in the dissent, plaintiff had been severely injured, and a fair system
of justice should not have penalized him because his lawyer, through
neglect or any other reason, failed to appear when ordered. It would
do a defendant no injury for the court to refuse to dismiss any appar-
ently bona fide case until the plaintiff has actually had notice that
some failure of his lawyer has irked the judge.
(3) Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas object to the
changes in Rule 4, which for the first time permit a Federal District
Court to obtain jurisdiction over a defendant by service of process
outside the state or over his property by garnishment or attachment,
under the circumstances and in the manner prescribed by state law.
Those changes will apparently have little effect insofar as "federal
question" litigation is concerned, since 28 U.S.C. § 1391 (b) requires
such suits to be brought "only in the judicial district where all de-
fendants reside ***.” Diversity actions, however, may be greatly
increased, for the effect of proposed 4(e) is not limited to suits author-
ized by such statutes as the Federal Interpleader Act, 28 U.S.C. § 1335.
See Advisory Committee Rept., 5-8; 28 U.S.C. § 1391 (a); Fed. Rules
Civ. Proc. 1. We see no justification for an increase in the number
of diversity cases. We also see no reason why the extent of a Federal
District Court's personal jurisdiction should depend upon the existence
or nonexistence of a state "long-arm" statute. Moreover, at present
a state court action commenced by attachment or garnishment can get
into a District Court only if a nonresident defendant chooses to appear
and remove the case, see 28 U.S.C. § 1441, and there is no good reason,
absent a congressional finding, why this should be changed.
Instead of recommending changes to the present Rules, we recom-
mend that the statute authorizing this Court to prescribe Rules of
Civil Procedure, if it is to remain a law, be amended to place the

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1963
187
responsibility upon the Judicial Conference rather than upon this
Court. Since the statute was first enacted in 1934, 48 Stat. 1064, the
Judicial Conference has been enlarged and improved and is now very
active in its surveillance of the work of the federal courts and in
recommending appropriate legislation to Congress. The present
Rules produced under 28 U.S.C. § 2072 are not prepared by us but
by Committees of the Judicial Conference designated by the Chief
Justice, and before coming to us they are approved by the Judicial
Conference pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 331.7 The Committees and the
Conference are composed of able and distinguished members and they
render a high public service. It is they, however, who do the work,
not we, and the rules have only our imprimatur. The only contribu-
tion that we actually make is an occasional exercise of a veto power.
If the rule-making for Federal District Courts is to continue under
the present plan, we believe that the Supreme Court should not have
any part in the task; rather, the statute should be amended to sub-
stitute the Judicial Conference. The Judicial Conference can par-
ticipate more actively in fashioning the rules and affirmatively con-
tribute to their content and design better than we can. Transfer of
the function to the Judicial Conference would relieve us of the em-
barrassment of having to sit in judgment on the constitutionality of
rules which we have approved and which as applied in given situa-
tions might have to be declared invalid.
Adjourned until Monday, February 18, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 18, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 65, 288, 180, and 9.
7 "The Conference shall also carry on a continuous study of the operation and effect
of the general rules of practice and procedure now or hereafter in use as prescribed by
the Supreme Court for the other courts of the United States pursuant to law. Such
changes in and additions to those rules as the Conference may deem desirable to promote
simplicity in procedure, fairness in administration, the just determination of litigation,
and the elimination of unjustifiable expense and delay shall be recommended by the
Conference from time to time to the Supreme Court for its consideration and adoption,
modification or rejection, in accordance with law."
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Beryl Harold Weiner, of Atlanta, Ga., Edwin M. Sigel, of Dallas,
Tex., Daniel J. Leahy, of Chicago, Ill., Robert Wright Houseal, Jr.,
of Pasadena, Calif., Mark R. Joelson, of Washington, D.C., Prota-
goras Dimitrios Maktos, of Washington, D.C., Norman Sepenuk, of
Washington, D.C., James A. Dorsch, of Potomac, Md., and John F.
Murray, of Elmira, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archi-
bald Cox; James W. Johnson, Jr., of Reno, Nev., and George Lohse,
of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Frank B. Parsons, of
Fairfield, Ala., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston, Jr.; A. Fred-
erick Costanzo, of North Valley Stream, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John
W. Wydler; Ralph A. Harper, of San Fernando, Calif., on motion
of Mr. James C. Corman; Frederick Gary Dutton, of San Mateo,
Calif., on motion of Mr. William H. Orrick, Jr.; William A. Delano,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. A. Leon Higgenbotham; Nonald
J. Lewis, of Milwaukee, Wis., and John M. Swietlik, of Milwaukee,
Wis., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr.; Bertram Royce Rus-
sell, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles B. McInnis;
Raymond J. Burke, of New York, N.Y., and James L. Daly, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Lally; William Howard
Billings, of Kennett, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard S. T. Marsh;
Marilyn G. Rose, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John H.
Fanning; Pauline Teitelbaum, of New York, N.Y., and Morris Teitel-
baum, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Abraham Teitelbaum;
Arthur E. Pettit, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel H.
Horne; Joseph M. Donovan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Thomas Murray Knebel; Carl Gordon Meyers, of Dearborn, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Douglas Wilber Metz; Weldon Horatio Berry, of
Houston, Tex., and Buck C. Miller, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Charles N. Johnston; Gerard P. Fleischut, of Memphis, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. John G. Wayman; Alex Denenholz, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Dillon Fitzgerald; Elton R. Hutchison,
of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Herzstein; Henry Conrad
Adami, of Bozeman, Mont., on motion of Mr. Eldon H. Crowell;
William A. Metz, of New York, N.Y., and Frederick Bernard Dean,
650278-63-49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
189
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Isaiah Guyman Martin; H.
Bemis Lawrence, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Charles M.
Noone; Alfred Merle Sessions, of San Bernardino, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; Moses Krislov, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. John Maktos; and Melville Owen, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Boynton P. Livingston, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 2. Robert F. Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States,
appellant, v. Francisco Mendoza-Martinez. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of California; and
No. 3. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State, appellant, v. Joseph Henry
Cort. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Gold-
berg. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Black, while joining the
opinion of the Court, adhere to the views expressed in the dissent of
Mr. Justice Douglas, in which Mr. Justice Black joined, in Perez v.
Brownell, 356 U.S. 44, 79. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Clark joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with
whom Mr. Justice White joins.
No. 76. James Gallick, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Cuyahoga County. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Cuyahoga County, for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
No. 80. Mark E. Schlude et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed in part and
reversed in part and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with
directions to return the case to the Tax Court for a redetermination
of the proper income tax deficiencies now due in light of the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Harlan, and Mr. Justice Goldberg join.
No. 118. Bantam Books, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Joseph A. Sul-
livan et al. Appeal from the Superior Court of Rhode Island. Judg- Superior
ment reversed and case remanded to the Superial Court of Rhode
Island for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark concurring
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
190
No. 62. Northern Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. State Corpo-
ration Commission of the State of Kansas. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Kansas. Judgement reversed and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Kansas for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart and Mr. Justice Goldberg join. Mr. Justice White took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 21. United States, petitioner, v. Don Gilmore et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 22. United States, petitioner, v. Talbot Patrick et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Western District of South Carolina for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
dissent.
No. 107. Frank W. McCulloch, Chairman, and Philip Ray Rodgers,
et al., Members, National Labor Relations Board, petitioners, v.
Sociedad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit;
No. 91. Ivan C. McLeod, Regional Director for the Second Region
of the National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Empresa Hon-
durena de Vapores, S.A.; and
No. 93. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Empresa Hondurena de Vapores, S.A. On writs of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment of the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia in No. 107 affirmed. Judgment in Nos. 91 and 93 vacated
^ and cases remanded to that court with instructions to remand to the
M United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
for dismissal of the complaint in light of the decision in No. 107.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 33. Incres Steamship Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Maritime Workers Union et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals of New York for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court in this case and in No.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
191
107. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 18. United States, appellant, v. National Dairy Products Corp.
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Missouri. Judgment reversed and case remanded for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black with whom Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice Goldberg join.
No. 104. New Jersey et al., appellants, v. New York, Susquehanna
and Western Railroad Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. Judgment reversed
and case remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 59. A. J. Simler, petitioner, v. Leslie E. Conner. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 251. Angelika L. Schneider, petitioner, v. Dean Rusk, etc. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Judgments vacated and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of Columbia for
expeditious action consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 635. The Board of County Commissioners of the County of
Jefferson, State of Colorado, et al., appellants, v. The City and County
of Denver, State of Colorado, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Colorado. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 647. King County, etc., et al., appellants, v. F. L. Hartung
Glass Company, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washing-
ton. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
192
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 650. Anthony Chupka et al., appellants, v. Lorenz-Schneider
Company, Inc., et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New
York. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 656. George W. Sheldon et al., appellants, v. Paul Fannin et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Arizona. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 706. Chester Rudnicki, appellant, v. Gilbert W. Cox et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. The appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 12, Original. State of Hawaii, plaintiff, v. Kermit Gordon.
The motion of the plaintiff to advance is granted and the case is set
for argument on Monday, April 15, 1963. Mr. Justice White took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 97. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. Boston and Maine Railroad et al.;
No. 98. Maryland Port Authority et al., appellants, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al.; and
No. 99. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al. The motion of John H. Colgren for leave to
withdraw his appearance as counsel for appellees is granted. The
motion for enlargement of time for oral argument is granted and an
additional 45 minutes are allotted to each side. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 108. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 109. Sea-Land Service, Inc., appellant, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 110. Seatrain Lines, Inc., appellant, v. New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 125. United States, appellant, v. New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company, et al. The motion of the appellants for
an allotment of additional time for oral argument is granted and 30
minutes are allotted for that purpose. Mr. Justice White took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board
of School Commissioners of Baltimore City. The motion to strike
certain matter from the appendix to the respondents' brief is denied.
650278-63-50
*

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
193
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board
of School Commissioners of Baltimore City; and
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania, et
al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. The motion of
Synagogue Council of America et al. for leave to file a brief, as amici
curiae, is granted.
No. 222. Pensick & Gordon, Inc., petitioner, v. California Motor
Express et al. The joint motion to recall and amend the judgment of
this Court is granted. It is ordered that the certified copy of the
judgment sent to the District Court be recalled and that such judg-
ment be vacated. It is further ordered that the order entered in this
case on December 3, 1962, is amended to provide for a remand of the
case to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
No. 229. Federico Marin Gutierrez, petitioner, v. Waterman Steam-
ship Corp. The motion of Ellerman & Bucknall Steamship Com-
pany, Ltd., et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 271. Maurice L. Davis, etc., petitioner, v. Romuald M. Soja,
etc. The joint motion to postpone the oral argument is granted.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 32. Jerry R. England et al., appellants, v. Louisiana State
Board of Medical Examiners et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 684. Dupuy H. Anderson et al., appellants, v. Wade O. Martin,
Jr. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 583. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, petitioner, v. Virginia
ex rel. Virginia State Bar. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia granted.
No. 403. Banco Nacional de Cuba, petitioner, v. Peter L. F. Sab-
batino, etc., et al. The motion of Winthrop S. Emmet for leave to
withdraw his appearance as counsel for respondents is granted. The
motion of Cuban-American Sugar Company et al. for leave to file
a brief, as amici curiae, and petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 659. Gust Yiatchos, petitioner, v. Pearle W. Yiatchos, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
194
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. The Solicitor
General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the United
States.
No. 664. Donald I. Tilton et al., petitioners, v. Missouri Pacific
Railroad Company. The motion of The Veterans of Foreign Wars
National Rehabilitation Service for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 732. Robert C. Brooks, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar. Case set for argument immediately following
No. 664.
No. 42, Misc. Sidney Arceneaux, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 30. James Duguid et ux., petitioners, v. Raymond R. Best, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 373. Charles Paul, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 530. Ruth Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 575. Rudolph R. Bregman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 611. Public Utility District No. 1 of Pend Oreille County,
Washington, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 615. Panamanian SS Matador, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Ruth
A. Morewitz, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 621. James Oliver et al., petitioners, v. Stewart L. Udall, Sec-
retary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
195
No. 622. Jonie Gardner Lee, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 625. Texaco Puerto Rico, Inc., petitioner, v. Sol Luis Descartes,
Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 629. Alfred J. Hausfeld, petitioner, v. Robert N. Ziegler.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 639. Volasco Products Co., et al., petitioners, v. Lloyd A. Fry
Roofing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 648. King County, etc., petitioner, v. Tricon, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 655. Pacific Queen Fisheries et al., petitioners, v. L. Symes et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 660. James Frankhouser, petitioner, v. Patricia L. Kissinger,
Administratrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 662. Trent Trust Co., Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Robert F. Ken-
nedy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 663. James R. Crowe et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 668. Thaddeus B. Taylor, petitioner, v. Michigan et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 669. John F. Iselin et al., petitioners, v. Lester J. Meng et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 670. Nathan Hauptman, Trustee, petitioner, v. Director of In-
ternal Revenue et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 671. Mildred Wagner, Individually and as Administrator of
the Estate of Mary Lou Wagner, petitioner, v. Fawcett Publications
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 672. Giant Food, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 674. World Commerce Corporation, S.A., petitioner, v. Min-
erals and Chemicals Philipp Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
196
the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 675. Paul E. Rhodes, petitioner, v. Norval Houston et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Gibraltar Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 677. James Waldo McCormick, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 679. Washington Toll Bridge Authority, etc., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 680. Clayton L. Kasten et ux., petitioners, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 682. Inez Riddle McDonald Neale, petitioner, v. Eugene M.
Kinney et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 683. Savon Gas Stations Number Six, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Shell Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 685. Gorham and Johnson, Inc., petitioner, v. Chrysler Corpo-
ration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 691. Edmund Mancini, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 692. Arthur Goldstein, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 693. William H. Legate, petitioner, v. J. Joseph Maloney, Jr.,
Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 694. Northeast Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Marilyn W. Pear-
son, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 695. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Rosa Lee Roosth. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 696. Harry H. Drill, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
650278-63-51

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
197
No. 698. Raymond Weitzner, Administrator of the Estate of Joe
H. Weitzner, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 699. J. W. Neff et ux., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 701. Ernest Klein, petitioner, v. Walston & Co., Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 703. Edgar F. Smith, petitioner, v. Frederick O. Mercer, Chief
Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 709. Kenite Corporation, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 784. United States, petitioner, v. Kenite Corporation. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 710. I. M. Futch et al., petitioners, v. D. C. Greer et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Seventh Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 711. National Bulk Carriers, Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Mrs. Valerie Jean Gardner, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 714. Tennessee ex rel. Dr. B. G. Stall et al., petitioners, v. City
of Knoxville. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.
No. 716. Elias Thibodeaux et al., petitioners, v. P. Frank Comeaux,
Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 717. Lynchburg Traffic Bureau, petitioner, v. Smith's Transfer
Corporation of Staunton, Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 718. Seafarers International Union of North America, Atlantic,
Gulf, Lakes and Inland Water District, Puerto Rico Division, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Puerto Rico Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 719. Boris S. Nadiak, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics Board
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 721. Carson J. May, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Franklin County, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
198
No. 724. Southwest Magazine Co., petitioner, v. City of Fort
Worth. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas and Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Second Supreme Judicial
District, denied.
No. 767. Frank W. Lewis et ux., petitioners, v. New Jersey Express
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 456. Martin J. Wiman, Warden, Kilby Prison, petitioner, v.
Willie Seals, Jr. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 563. Honorable Stephen S. Chandler, United States District
Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Occidental
Petroleum Corporation. The motion of Earl A. Brown et al., for
leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. The motion to strike
the respondent's brief and petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 614. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 661. Mississippi et al., petitioners, v. James Howard Meredith,
etc. The motion of the United States for leave to be named a party
respondent is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 700. Deck Scow Captains Local 335, Independent, petitioner,
v. Harbor Carriers of the Port of New York et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
No. 705. First Congregational Church and Society of Burlington,
Iowa, et al., petitioners, v. Evangelical and Reformed Church et al.
The motions of R. B. Swartzbaugh and Clark M. Robertson for leave
to file briefs, as amicus curiae, are granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 761. Hilton Hotels Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The Urban
Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
199
No. 7, Misc. Thomas G. Daniel, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 279, Misc. Frank Lawrence Sprenz, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 390, Misc. Willie Earl Clark, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 437, Misc. James David Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 548, Misc. Willie Price, Jr., petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 549, Misc. Cecilia Karikas, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 553, Misc. Roberto Power Benthiem, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 555, Misc. Frank Sasser, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 557, Misc. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 569, Misc. Joseph Ridley, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 574, Misc. Earl William Sawyer, petitioner, v. Washington
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ton denied.
No. 581, Misc. Carlos Acosta Abreu, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 601, Misc. Charles M. Jones, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 602, Misc. Samuel E. Young, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
200
No. 613, Misc. Dinty Warmington Whiting, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 615, Misc. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 634, Misc. Ronnie J. Everitt, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 655, Misc. Robert William Schuette, petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Bench of Baltimore City, Maryland, denied.
No. 656, Misc. Donald E. DeGroat, petitioner, v. Walter M. Wal-
lack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 657, Misc. Edward James Krantz, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 667, Misc. James Milk, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 669, Misc. Jack Clifton Dowthard, petitioner, v. Arizona.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 672, Misc. Ronnie J. Everitt, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 679, Misc. Robert James Gizzo, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Department of Corrections, Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 684, Misc. In re Huey R. Lee, petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 685, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 686, Misc. John J. Table, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham,
Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 687, Misc. Chester A. Hawks, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
201
No. 688, Misc. Woodrow W. Gainey, Jr., petitioner, v. South
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina denied.
No. 691, Misc. William M. Belvin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 696, Misc. James F. Wagnon, petitioner, v. Kansas et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 697, Misc. John Czajkowski, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 699, Misc. Walter Elmer Linden, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 701, Misc. John Ray, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 702, Misc. Willie Evans, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 703, Misc. Paul Hunter, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 709, Misc. Norman F. Greene, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 710, Misc. Paul J. Pryor, petitioner, v. Luther Thomas, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 711, Misc. George Jackson, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 719, Misc. Edwin L. Clark, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 721, Misc. George L. Ginger, petitioner, v. Miles N. Culehan,
Wayne Circuit Judge et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 725, Misc. Theodore C. Ruark et al., petitioners, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 726, Misc. Charles F. Hanovich, petitioner, v. Ohio et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
#

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
202
No. 731, Misc. Raymond Palmer, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 737, Misc. James Bartley Rich, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 738, Misc. Louis F. Gonzales, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ilinois denied.
No. 742, Misc. George Gonzales Lugo, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 747, Misc. Richard Eugene Hickock, petitioner, v. Sherman
H. Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 750, Misc. Ruth A. Morewitz, Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Panamanian SS Matador, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 758, Misc. Willie Seals, Jr., petitioner, v. Martin J. Wiman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 761, Misc. John M. Kershner and William D. Rine, peti-
tioners, v. Otto C. Boles, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 769, Misc. John Joseph Morin, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 806, Misc. Stanley Meadows, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 819, Misc. Ralph Darling, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 937, Misc. Leo Daniel Luton, petitioner, v. Texas et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 690, Misc. Wallace H. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari and for other relief to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 717, Misc. Raymond I. Helland, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari and for other relief to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18,
1963
203
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 782, Misc. Wilson Wooten, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar, War-
den;
No. 807, Misc. Bernard James Craig, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 818, Misc. William D. Rine, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden; and
No. 820, Misc. Philip C. Macfadden, petitioner, v. California et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 682, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied.
No. 800, Misc. Emmitt Monroe Spencer, petitioner, v. L. L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers
submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 773, Misc. Hayden C. Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
District Court, Western District of Pennsylvania; and
No. 823, Misc. George W. Sheldon et al., petitioners, v. Charles
M. Merrill, United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF PROHIBITION DENIED
No. 793, Misc. Clarence R. Bosler, petitioner, v. Supreme Court
of Missouri. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibi-
tion and for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 437. Edward Stock, appellant, v. Christopher F. Terrence,
M.D., Director, Rochester State Hospital;
No. 545. Charles W. Jamieson, appellant, v. Chicago Title and
Trust Co., etc., et al.;
No. 555. C. George Swallow, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 558. Aeronautical Communications Equipment, Inc., petitioner.
v. Helen Russell Pierce, Executrix, etc.;
No. 568. William J. Batten and Katie M. Batten, his wife, et al.;
petitioners, v. United States;
No. 584. Andrew J. Easter, appellant, v. Department of Assess-
ments of Baltimore City;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1963
No. 620. Jim Laing, petitioner, v. Virginia; and
204
No. 452, Misc. George Napier, Sr., appellant, v. United States et
al. Petitions for reharing denied.
No. 256. In the Matter of the Estate of Annie E. Hurst, Deceased.
Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 65. Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company, petitioner, v. United
States. Argued by Mr. Henry R. Rolph for the petitioner and by
Mr. Anthony L. Mondello for the respondent.
No. 288. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Erie Re-
sistor Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Norton J.
Come for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 19, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 288, 180, 9, 61, and 70.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1963
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Arthur U. Goodman, Jr., of Kennett, Mo., on motion of Mr. Martin
B. Dickinson; Henry G. Manne, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Robert Kramer; Vernon Z. Crawford, of Mobile, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Frank D. Reeves; James W. Walker, of Marshalltown, Iowa,
William Robinson Fishman, of Chicago, Ill., and A. Edward Ham-
merman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ellwood L. Englander;
Bill R. Davis, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Dwight D. Taylor;
Vincent P. Uihlein, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harold
Harper; William C. Burt, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Robert Matthew Beckman; and Lawrence Philip King, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. J. Horace L. Flurry, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 288. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Erie
Resistor Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr. Norton J.
Come for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John G. Wayman for
the respondents.
No. 180. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. Riss and Company, Inc. Argued
by Mr. David Previant for the petitioners and by Mr. H. Bemis Law-
rence for the respondent.
No. 9. Beatrice Lynum, petitioner, v. Illinois. Argued by Mrs.
Jewel Rogers Lafontant for the petitioner and by Mr. William C.
Wines for the respondent.
No. 61. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Charles J. Morris for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the petitioners and by Mr. Luther Hudson for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 20, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 61, 70, 83, and 94.
✓
650278-63- -52

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1963
206
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Joseph G. Engel, of Elizabeth, N.J., on motion of Mr. Harrison
A. Williams, Jr.; Ralph S. Brown, Jr., of Guilford, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Burke Marshall; Raymond G. Lamb, of Claremont, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert Mack Weston; Nolan J. Edwards, of Crowley,
La., on motion of Mr. Edmund M. Reggie; Fred E. Cochran, of
Philadelphia, Pa., Oliver E. Davis, of Tulsa, Okla., and John Creig
Lawrence of Annapolis, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert Davis Powers,
Jr.; John Stevens Connolly, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr.
John E. Nolan, Jr.; Murdoch Kendrick Goodwin, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; John Brindley Kugler, of
Boise, Idaho, on motion of Mr. J. Dean Mosher; Gladney Harville,
of Lexington, Ky., Rufus Lisle, of Lexington, Ky., and Robert Mur-
ray Odear, of Lexington, Ky., on motion of Mr. Neville Miller;
Herman Schwartzman, of New York, N.Y., and Leonard I. Wein-
stock, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Melvin Lloyd Robbins;
Grover Collins Cooper, of Washington, D.C., and Rufus W. Peckham,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ben C. Fisher; Gordon
J. Petersen, of Silver Springs, Md., on motion of Mr. Irving Kator:
Daniel J. Riviera, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Linton M.
Collins; and David J. Mandel, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Delmar W. Holloman, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 61. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc. Argument continued by Mr.
Luther Hudson for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the petitioners.
No. 70. Irving J. Wolf et al., petitioners, v. Arnold A. Weinstein
et al. Argued by Mr. Melvin Lloyd Robbins for the petitioners and
by Mr. Alex L. Rosen and Mr. Harold Harper for the respondents.
No. 83. United States, appellant, v. The Philadelphia National
Bank et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Lee Loevinger for the ap-
pellant and continued by Mr. Philip Price for the appellees.
650278-63-53

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1963
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
207
The day call for Thursday, February 21, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 83, 94, 140, 332, and 150.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1963
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Jesse G. Boles, of Cuthbert, Ga., Forrest Lee Champion, Jr., of
Columbus, Ga., Lowrey S. Stone, of Blakely, Ga., William Lowrey
Stone, of Blakely, Ga., Eugene Louis Blanck, of Baltimore, Md., and
Seinwil Louis Greenberg, of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Archibald Cox; Henry Royd Gordon, of Las Vegas, Nev.,
on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Joseph K. Gordon, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Murdoch K. Goodwin; Samuel L. Rosenberry,
of New York, N.Y., and Edward J. Reilly, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. A. Donald MacKinnon; Clifford Lawrence Wiser,
of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Steele; Dorsey
Evans, of Kansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Robert A. Harris ;
Rupert Warren, of Buffalo, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Bed-
dow; and James Daniel Hanlon, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. John R. Sheneman, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 83. United States, appellant, v. The Philadelphia National
Bank et al. Argument continued by Mr. Philip Price for the appellees,
by Mr. Arthur Littleton for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Lee
Loevinger for the appellant.
No. 94. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., petitioners, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Harold
C. Heiss for the petitioners and by Mr. John P. Sandidge for the
respondent.
No. 140. Nathan Willner, petitioner, v. Committee on Character
and Fitness, etc. Argued by Mr. Henry Waldman for the petitioner
and by Mr. Daniel M. Cohen for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 25, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 25, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 332, 202, 150, and 511.
☑
650278-63- -54

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1963
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1061, Misc. Clyde Bates, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
REHEARING DENIED
No. 743, Misc. Hassie Cane Martin, petitioner, v. Kentucky.
Petition for rehearing denied.
✓
650278-03-
-65

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
210
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frederic D. Houghteling, of Chicago, Ill., and Dominick Donald
Zurlo, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archi-
bald Cox; Norman T. Hilbrecht, Jr., of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of
Mr. Alan Bible; George Dixon Mahon, of Ozona, Tex., on motion of
Mr. O. C. Fisher; Allo B. Crow, Jr., of Austin, Tex., Bill Allen, of
Houston, Tex., and Bruce Allen, of Waxahachie, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Homer Thornberry; Charles Wesley Risher, of Rockville, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Noble J. Johnson; Ralph W. Cole, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; George A. Kain, of Spokane,
Wash.; on motion of Mr. Thomas Stephen Foley; Elizabeth Bonner
Head, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Carol J. Head; Thomas
Edward O'Brien, of New York, N.Y., and Richard M. Marshall, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ricardo R. Alvarado; Herschel
Kriger, of Canton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Elliot Bredhoff; Harlan
Pierce Huebner, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Francis D.
Thomas, Jr.; and Billy J. Moore, of Ennis, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles Alan Wright, were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 86. James Edwards, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. South Carolina.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 479. National Motor Freight Traffic Association, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States
650278-63-56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
211
District Court for the District of Columbia. Petition for rehearing
denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the
denial of the petition for rehearing and in the affirmance of the judg-
ment of the District Court insofar as that judgment refused to set
aside the order of the Interstate Commerce Commission. He believes,
however, that the question of "standing” should not be decided with-
out plenary consideration. Mr. Justice Stewart would grant the
petition for rehearing.
No. 690. John E. Harrison, Sr., petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ
of certiorari, judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Illinois for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan and
Mr. Justice Stewart would deny certiorari. The case having been
taken, however, they concur in the judgment of the Court.
No. 708. White Stag Manufacturing Company, appellant, v. Dean
Ellis et al., Members of and Constituting the State Tax Commission
of the State of Oregon. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oregon.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 712. Andrew Jackson Patterson et al., appellants, v. City of
Dallas. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Fifth
Supreme Judicial District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opin-
ion per curiam.
No. 467, Misc. Leon Bearden, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari,
judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for
further consideration in light of Elchuk v. United States, 370 U.S.
722. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al.
It is ordered that Honorable Walter A. Huxman, United States
Senior Judge, be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this
case, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and take

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
212
such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it
necessary to call for. The master is directed to submit such reports
as he may deem appropriate.
The master shall be allowed his actual expenses. The allowances to
him, the compensation paid to his technical, stenographic, and clerical
assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper ex-
penses shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such
proportion as the Court hereafter may direct.
The motion of the State of Florida for leave to intervene is hereby
referred to the Special Master to hear the parties and report his
opinion and recommendation as to whether the motion should be
granted.
The motion of the Insurance Company of North America for leave
to intervene is denied.
No. 111. William M. Ferguson, Attorney General for the State of
Kansas, et al., appellants, v. Frank C. Skrupa, d/b/a Credit Advisors.
The motion of National Better Business Bureau, Inc., for leave to
file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 119. William J. Murray, III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board
of School Commissioners of Baltimore City; and
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania, et
al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. The motion of The
American Humanist Association for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is denied as untimely.
No. 146. The Colorado Anti-Discrimination Commission et al., peti-
tioners, v. Continental Air Lines, Inc. The motion of State of Cali-
fornia for leave to argue, as amicus curiae, is granted and twenty
minutes are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the respondent
is allotted an additional twenty minutes to argue this case.
No. 217. Josephine Goss et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Knoxville, Tennessee, et al. The motion of the
Solicitor General, on behalf of the United States, for leave to par-
ticipate in the oral argument is granted and fifteen minutes are allotted
for that purpose. Counsel for the respondents are allotted an addi-
tional fifteen minutes to argue this case.
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. The
motion of the Solicitor General, on behalf of the United States, for
leave to participate in the oral argument is granted and thirty minutes
are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the appellee is allotted
an additional thirty minutes to argue this case.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
CERTIORARI GRANTED
213
No. 449. Harold Fahy, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 733. United States, petitioner, v. Dorothy Anne Stapf and
B. T. Ware II, Executors and Trustees of the Estate of Lowell H.
Stapf, Deceased, and Dorothy Anne Stapf, Individually. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 652. Farbenfabriken Bayer A. G., petitioner, v. Sterling Drug,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 653. Farbenfabriken Bayer A. G., petitioner, v. Sterling Drug,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 725. Franklin W. Durgin et ux., petitioners, v. Hal R. Stoffel.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 731. Marion Lee Ivey, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 734. William Wright, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 735. North Texas Producers Association, petitioner, v. Keith
Young. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States of Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 736. King David, petitioner, v. Robert O. Clouser et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 739. Milton May, petitioner, v. The Chase Manhattan Bank.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 740. T. O. Bradbury and N. B. Burt, petitioners, v. Frank
Dennis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 750. Phillips Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Mike Anthony
Belusko, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
214
No. 751. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Agnes Kosowatz, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Cuyahoga County,
denied.
No. 766. Bowen-Itco, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Houston Engineers,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 778. John A. Potucek, Trustee of Wilson Sugar and Elevator
Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Cordeleria Lourdes et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 532, Misc. Edward Boyd Sutton, Jr., petitioner, v. R. O.
Settle, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 567, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 683, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 735, Misc. Ruben Dario Sanchez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 756, Misc. P. C. Pierce, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 760, Misc. Mark S. Holley, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 762, Misc. Mack Barnes, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 763, Misc. Jesse T. Ball, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 764, Misc. Amos Marshall Arketa, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 784, Misc. Ronald Lewis, petitioner, v. George Beto et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 787, Misc. Ralph J. Hoge, petitioner, v. Patrick N. Bolsinger,
Prothonotary, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
215
No. 802, Misc. Earl Althoff, petitioner, v. David N. Myers, Super-
intendent, State Correctional Institution at Graterford, Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District denied.
No. 804, Misc. Gordon Benjamin Brown, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 563. Honorable Stephen S. Chandler, United States District
Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Occidental
Petroleum Corporation. The orders entered in this case on February
18, 1963, are amended to include the notation that Mr. Justice Brennan
and Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision
of the motions or the petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 832, Misc. Gilbert Salas Coronado, petitioner, v. J. C. Taylor,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari de-
nied.
No. 739, Misc. H. L. Green Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit et al. Motion for
leave to supplement record granted. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of certiorari or other appropriate writ denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 835, Misc. Ex parte Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 472. Ove Gustavsson Contracting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States for the Use and Benefit of Browne & Bryan Lumber
Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 597. John Wight and Mondakota Gas Company, petitioners, v.
Montana-Dakota Utilities Company;
No. 627. Aerovias Interamericanas de Panama, S.A., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Board of County Commissioners of Dade County, Florida,
etc.; and
No. 359, Misc. Fred J. Odell, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 566, Misc. Joe G. Martinez, petitioner, v. United States.
After consideration of petitioner's reply brief, petition for rehearing
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1963
216
No. 528. R. A. Riddell, District Director of Internal Revenue, Los
Angeles District, petitioner, v. Monolith Portland Cement Co. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 4, 1963, until
Monday, March 18, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 332. Fenelon Boesche, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior. Argued by Mr. Leon
BenEzra for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the
respondent.
No. 202. Charles Edward Sanders, petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr., for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 150. Harold J. Silver, d/b/a Municipal Securities Company,
et al., petitioners, v. New York Stock Exchange. Two hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. David I. Shapiro
for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for
the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 26, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 150, 511, 147, and 119.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1963
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Harold Strauch, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; Joseph Carlton Loser, Jr., of Nashville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. J. Carlton Loser; Norman Francis Burke, of
Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Lester Forest,
of Lynbrook, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald E. Van Koughnet;
Ronald Howard Galowich, of Joliet, Ill., on motion of Mr. Peter N.
Chumbris; Bruce Lyman Miller, of Hereford, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Floyd Lee Williams; William Perry Keats, of Port Washington, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson; Bernard Mendelsohn, of
Reading, Pa., on motion of Mr. John Doran Killian III; Joel Jay
Rogge, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. David Shapiro; and
Nelson Bernard Seidman, of Baltimore, Md., and George William
Baker, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Francis B. Burch,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 150. Harold J. Silver, d/b/a Municipal Securities Company,
et al., petitioners, v. New York Stock Exchange. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. A. Donald MacKinnon for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. David I. Shapiro for the petitioners.
No. 511. James E. Bush, petitioner, v. Texas. Argued by Mr.
Charles Alan Wright for the petitioner and by Mr. Bruce Allen and
Mr. Allo B. Crow, Jr., for the respondent. Brief for petitioner to
come.
No. 147. Raymond L. Haynes, petitioner, v. Washington. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Lawrence Speiser for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 27, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 147, 119, and 142.
650278-68-57
☑

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1963
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Joseph Sweeney, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., Robert Francis Swee-
ney, of Baltimore, Md., and Thomas F. Dempsey, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Finan; Marshall J. Doke, Jr., of Dallas,
Tex., and Wilbur G. Silverman, of Jamaica, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Nathan J. Roberts; Elizabeth F. Defeis, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Richard Arens; Robert George Darden, of Amarillo, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Gregory Hayes Swanson; Earl Klein, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Raymond G. Larroca; and Edward J.
Duggan, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. William H. Collins, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 147. Raymond L. Haynes, petitioner, v. Washington. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. George A. Kain for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Lawrence Speiser for the petitioner.
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al., Individually, and Constituting the Board of
School Commissioners of Baltimore City. Argued by Mr. Leonard J.
Kerpelman for the petitioners, by Mr. Francis B. Burch and Mr.
George W. Baker, Jr., for the respondents, and by Mr. Thomas B.
Finan for the State of Maryland, as amicus curiae.
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania, et
al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Philip H. Ward III for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 28, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 142, 108 (109, 110, and 125), and 134.
✓
650278-63--58

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1963
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Wallace Key, Jr., of Athens, Tex., on motion of Mr. John
Dowdy; James F. Bell, of London, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Sidney
Dwight Griffith; Jon O. Newman, of West Hartford, Conn., on mo-
tion of Mr. Stephen John Pollak; William Eldridge Spain, of Rich-
mond, Va., on motion of Mr. Oscar L. Chapman; Charles White
Halleck, of Rensselaer, Ind., on motion of E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr.;
Joseph F. Craco, of Irvington, N.J., on motion of Mr. Vincent P.
Biunno; Edward G. Villalon, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
James E. Wilson; Fred E. Weisgal, of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. William D. Donnelly; and John P. Corcoran, Jr., of Tampa,
Fla., on motion of Mr. James L. Highsaw, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania,
et al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Philip H. Ward III for the appellants, by Mr. Henry
W. Sawyer III for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. John D.
Killian III for the appellants.
No. 108. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 109. Sea-Land Service, Inc., appellant, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 110. Seatrain Lines, Inc., appellant, v. New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company., et al; and
No. 125. United States, appellant, v. New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Two and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane, Mr. Warren
Price, Jr., and Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the appellants and by Mr.
Carl Helmetag, Jr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, March 4, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
Х
650278-63-59

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James W. Segars, of Pine Bluff, Ark., James H. Lyons, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Arthur J. Edwards, of Washington, D.C., Leonard
J. Emmert, of Washington, D.C., Edward Lee Gilmore, of Washing-
ton, D.C., W. E. Higman, of Washington, D.C., Frederick Malcolm
Ivey, of Washington, D.C., Leo Jablonski, of Washington, D.C., Reu-
ben Klaben, of Washington, D.C., Charles I. Calisoff, of Chicago, Ill.,
James Warren Craven, of Chevy Chase, Md., Donald L. E. Ritger, of
Chevy Chase, Md., Edward Joseph Doyle, of Silver Spring, Md.,
John Peter Tebeau, of Silver Spring, Md., Robert Chambers, of Gai-
thersburg, Md., Alfred H. Golden, of Takoma Park, Md., Michael
Walen, of Rockville, Md., Edward Weintraub, of Kansas City, Mo.,
Carroll Dale Smyers, of Omaha, Nebr., Theodore W. Allis, of New
York, N.Y., Teresa Scalzo Campise, of Niagara Falls, N.Y., Howard
B. Kagan, of Rahway, N.J., James F. Bartley, of Pawtucket, R.I.,
J. Warner Mills III, of Alexandria, Va., William Parker Howard,
of Arlington, Va., Charles S. Slap, of Arlington, Va., and Bernard
William Lyons, of Vienna, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; John W. Goodson, of Texarkana, Ark., John F.
Stroud, Jr., of Texarkana, Ark., and James E. Westbrook, of North
Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. John L. McClellan; Vincent A.
Cirillo, of Norristown, Pa., on motion of Mr. George H. Buschman;
George V. Russell, of Boise, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Frank Church;
Harry J. Keaton, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas
H. Kuchel; Bernard L. Packett, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Carl T. Curtis; Homer E. Abele, of McArthur, Ohio, and Lloyd W.
Burwell, of Ironton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William H. Harsha, Jr.;
John Richardson Haworth, of High Point, N.C., on motion of Mr.
Horace R. Kornegay; William R. Knight, of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; Elaine Worley Kerr, of Falls Church, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Jonel C. Hill, of Salem, Oreg.,
on motion of Mr. Robert W. Ginnane; George Edwin Pugh, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston; Quentin O.
Young, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Miss Beatrice Rosenberg; Jack
L. Lessenberry, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Wil-
650278-63-60
"

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
221
liams, Jr.; Robert Kennedy Patch, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Joseph D. Guilfoyle; Robert Francis Meersman, of Mount
Prospect, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert Francis Moore; Howard
Boman, of East St. Louis, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert H. Reiter;
Nils L. Muench, of Houston, Tex., and John Gordon Underwood,
of Severna Park, Md., on motion of Mr. James McI. Henderson;
Lucian J. Rossi, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John T.
Sullivan; Maurice C. Pincoffs, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of
Mr. John Y. Merrell; William M. Bradner, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
and Charles Lyman Stewart, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Frank A. F. Severance; David Bowerman Ehrlinger, of Ann
Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. Douglas G. Mode; James Francis
Gordy, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Frederick O. Graves;
Charles H. Lieb, of Westport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Aubrey
E. Hummer; James W. Cummer, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of
Mr. Thomas A. Ziebarth; Robert B. Russell, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Clarence M. Fisher; Vernon C. Mayfield, of Fort
Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Gang; Herf M. Weinert, of
Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert E. May; Merle J. Smith, of
Scotch Plains, N.J., on motion of Mr. Martin John Brown; Laurence
Reich, of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. George Kaufmann; and
Abraham Tulchin, of Fall River, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph B.
McGrath, were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 54. The White Motor Company, appellant, v. United States.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Ohio. Judgment reversed and case remanded for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Chief
Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black join. Mr. Justice White took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 730. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., petitioners,
v. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of certi-
1

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
222
orari, judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 368. Retail Clerks International Association, Local 1625,
AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Alberta Schermerhorn et al.; and
No. 404. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. The motion of American Federation of Labor
et al. for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. The motion
of American Federation of Labor et al. for leave to argue, as amici
curiae, is denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these motions.
No. 464. United States, petitioner, v. Carlos Muniz and Henry
Winston. The motion of respondents to remove the case from the
summary calendar is granted.
No. 690, Misc. Wallace H. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
The application to recall order denying petition for writ of certiorari
and for other relief presented to Mr. Justice Black, and by him re-
ferred to the Court, is denied.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 641. Charles A. Meeker et ux., petitioners, v. Ambassador Oil
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 757. Ethel Meyer, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 654. Aetna Casualty & Surety Co. et al., petitioners, v. Madge
Vinson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 678. E. Paul Black, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 681. O. D. Harrison et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 743. Nicholas A. Stirone, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
Islew

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
223
No. 749. Beatty Safway Scaffold Co., petitioner, v. Up-Right, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 752. J. C. Bradford et al., petitioners, v. Mrs. Guilberta Dakin
Maggiore et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 753. Westinghouse Broadcasting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 754. Darrell V. Boylan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 755. Joseph L. Mitchell, d/b/a LaSalle County Livestock
Marketing Center, petitioner, v. Orville L. Freeman, Secretary of
Agriculture. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 756. Orion T. Whiting, Jr., and Lucretia Killings, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 758. In the Matter of Ramon Novarro, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 759. Frank E. Maestas, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 763. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Westinghouse Electric Corporation et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 769. United States for the Use of Dakota Electric Supply
Company, petitioner, v. St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 780. Harry Harold Chereton, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Humble Oil & Refining Co., petitioner, v. Noah S. Cutrer
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Sociedad Nacional de Marineros de Honduras et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
224
No. 412, Misc. Dewey Wallace, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 424, Misc. Melvin C. Holt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 609, Misc. Robert Miles Reiff, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 705, Misc. Joseph P. Maugere, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 727, Misc. Clifton Addison Pearce, petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 733, Misc. Richard F. Tunnell, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 774, Misc. Shelley R. Cothran, petitioner, v. San Jose Water
Works. Petition for writ of certiorari to Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 781, Misc. Boyker E. Ream, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 826, Misc. Eugene Millington, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 895, Misc. Ernest Stevenson, petitioner, v. West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 904, Misc. Charles Glinton, petitioner, v. Wilfred L. Denno,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
REHEARINGS
No. 607. Missouri ex rel. Mildred B. Johnson, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Jack L. Clay, Superintendent of Division of Insurance, etc., et al.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 729 Misc. Allen Ditson, petitioner, v. California. Upon peti-
tion by the State of California for rehearing or clarification, the opin-
ion of this Court entered on January 14, 1963, in this case is with-
drawn and, upon the prior suggestion of mootness, the petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California is dismissed.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1963
Adjourned until Monday, March 18, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
225
The day call for Monday, March 18, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
134, 490, 512, and 39 (and 293).
Х
"

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
226
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James Christopher Paras, of Chevy Chase, Md., J. William Hines,
of Athens, Ga., Rafael A. Del Campo, of Chicago, Ill., Robert J.
Kennedy, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph Alexander Kutch, of Indianapolis,
Ind., Norman Keith Sanborn, of Wichita, Kans., Hyam Segell, of
St. Paul, Minn., Richard B. Lavin, of New York, N.Y., John Joseph
Lynch, of Arlington, Va., and William A. Geoghegan, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Vernon
Ripon Scott, of Columbia, S.C., on motion of Mr. Olin D. Johnston;
Samuel H. Crossland III, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. J. Howard
Edmondson; Omar Burleson, of Anson, Tex., and Ben J. Dean, Jr.,
of Breckenridge, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon; Richard
Tinsman, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry;
David Levy, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Norbert A.
Schlei; Paul O. Strawhecker, of Grand Rapids, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Robert S. Erdahl; Donald A. Bell, of Wichita, Kans., on motion
of Mr. Lawrence Weigand; Melvin Siegel, of Hempstead, N.Y., and
Jules Shank, of Hempstead, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Milton Dunn;
Glen M. Bendixsen, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Warren
M. Davison; Russell Ronald Reno, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. Robert C. Murphy; Robert Henry Howard, of Monmouth,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Sheppard; Eli Ellis, of New York,
N.Y., and David I. Gilchrist, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Morton Liftin; and Roger Bonney, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Charles Cecil Keeble, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 201. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, petitioners, v.
Washington et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Washington for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
650278-63-61

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
227
No. 283. Ward Lane, Warden, petitioner, v. George Robert Brown.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgments of the Court of Appeals and of the
District Court are vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Indiana so that appropri-
ate orders may be entered ordering respondent's discharge from cus-
tody unless within a reasonable time the State of Indiana provides
him an appeal on the merits to the Supreme Court of Indiana from
the denial of the writ of error coram nobis. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr.
Justice Clark joins.
No. 84. Edward M. Fay, Warden, et al., petitioners, v. Charles Noia.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Clark and Mr. Justice Stewart join. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Clark.
No. 34. William Douglas and Bennie Will Meyes, petitioners, v.
California. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
Judgment of the District Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, vacated and case remanded to that court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr.
Justice Stewart joins.
No. 112. James H. Gray, as Chairman of the Georgia State Demo-
cratic Executive Committee, et al., appellants, v. James O'Hear
Sanders. Appeal from the United States District Court of the
Northern District of Georgia. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to that court so that a decree may be entered in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 155. Clarence Earl Gideon, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Florida. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the Supreme Court of Florida for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
rate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark
concurring in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 180. General Drivers, Warehousemen and Helpers, Local
Union No. 89, et al., petitioners, v. Riss and Company, Inc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
228
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Western District of Kentucky for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 8. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. Frank G. Sain, Sheriff of
Cook County, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr.
Justice White join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER Curiam
No. 399. James Fields et al., petitioners, v. South Carolina. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of South Carolina for consideration
in light of Edwards v. South Carolina, 372 U.S. 229. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Clark dissents for the reasons expressed in his
dissenting opinion in Edward v. South Carolina, supra.
No. 419. Local Lodge No. 1836 of District 38 of the International
Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Local No.
1505 International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Motion to vacate granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Massachusetts with direction to dismiss the cause as moot. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 425. Birmingham Ice and Cold Storage Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Southern Railway Company et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. The mo-
tions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Jutice Black took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 617. Jefferson Warehouse and Cold Storage Company et al.,
appellants, v. United States. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Alabama. The motion to affirm
is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
229
Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 657. J. L. Walker, appellant, v. United States et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Western District of
Texas. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
| Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable
jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 425, Misc. Carroll Robinson, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. On writ of certiorari,
judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with
directions to allow the appeal in forma pauperis. Opinion per curiam.
No. 610, Misc. Truman Vincent Cole et al., appellants, v. Col.
W. M. Manning, Superintendent, South Carolina State Penitentiary.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of South Carolina. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 841, Misc. Edward J. Craig, appellant, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Iowa. The appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. The
motion of The American Optometric Association, Inc., for leave to
file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 480. Louis McNeese, Jr., a Minor, by Mabel McNeese, His
Mother and Next Friend, et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education for
Community Unit School District 187, Cahokia, Illinois, et al. The
motion of American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 797. Levin Nock Davis, Secretary, State Board of Elections,
et al., appellants, v. Harrison Mann et al. The motion of appellees,
Mann, Stone, Webb, and Donovan to vacate stay or in the alternative
to advance, is denied. The motion of appellees, Glanville, Shepheard,
Lipkin, and Wilkins to vacate stay, is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 601. Polar Ice Cream & Creamery Company, appellant, v.
Charles O. Andrews, Jr., etc., et al. Appeal from the United States

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
230
District Court for the Northern District of Florida. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 566. Edward R. Fields et al., appellants, v. City of Fairfield.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Alabama. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief
expressing the views of the United States.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 665. First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Puerto
Rico, petitioner, v. Jose R. Noguera, Secretary of the Treasury of
Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Puerto Rico denied.
No. 666. California, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 702. Central Federal Savings and Loan Association of Puerto
Rico, petitioner, v. Jose R. Noguera, Secretary of the Treasury of
Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Puerto Rico denied.
No. 723. Mel Dar Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 772. Harry A. Blachman, petitioner, v. Erieview Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 773. Edith Honigman, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Green
Giant Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 782. Oregon, Acting by and through its State Forester, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 785. Alvin Greene, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 786. Joseph Nicoletti, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 787. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. American Fidelity & Casualty Co., Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
650278-63-62

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
231
No. 788. Keystone Coat & Apron Mfg. Corp., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 794. Amalgamated Lithographers of America (Ind.) et al., pe-
titioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 796. Technical Tape Corporation, petitioner, v. Minnesota
Mining and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 798. W. D. York, petitioner, v. Florida Southern Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 802. Walter J. Trotter and George D. Slabaugh, etc., et al., pe-
titioners, v. Amalgamated Association of Street Electric Railway and
Motor Coach Employees of America, Division 1303, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 806. Batesville Casket Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Jacwil
Mfrs. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 811. F. W. Woolworth Co., petitioner, v. Henri A. Meis, Trus-
tee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 817. Frances O. Warriner, petitioner, v. Harry Fink et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 831. General Electric Company et al., petitioners, v. Honorable
William H. Kirkpatrick. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 862. United States, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 704. Arthur Marcus, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 722. Warehousemens, Teamsters, Chauffeurs & Helpers Local
Union No. 542, petitioner, v. Superior Court of California, County of
San Diego, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
232
No. 770. Bernice Wise, petitioner, v. City of Chicago et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 789. Local 2 of the Operative Plasterers and Cement Masons
International Association, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Paramount Plas-
terers, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 776. Flight Engineers' International Association, EAL Chap-
ter, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Eastern Air Lines, Inc. The motion of
Railway Labor Executives' Association for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion
and petition.
No. 603, Misc. John N. Hyde, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 665, Misc. Charles D. Heath et al., petitioners, v. Anthony J.
Celebrezze, Secretary of the Department of Health, Education, and
Welfare. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court.
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 678, Misc. Daniel R. Wolfe, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 732, Misc. Adolphus Comer, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 734, Misc. Robert Williams, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 748, Misc. Billy George Andrews, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 776, Misc. Jack R. Delaney, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied.
No. 789, Misc. Harold Lindell Shoemake, petitioner, v. Elbert V.
Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 790, Misc. Luke Burton, petitioner, v. David L. Davis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
233
No. 798, Misc. Guy N. Stafford, petitioner, v. G. M. Russell et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 801, Misc. William E. Leek, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 805, Misc. Odery Reed, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 808, Misc. Simmie Underwood, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 809, Misc. George Edward Bentley, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 812, Misc. Robert Edward Lohrke, petitioner, v. Clarence T.
Gladden, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied.
No. 813, Misc. August J. Rodriguez, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 814, Misc. Paul D. Hill, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 815, Misc. Jesse Root, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham, Jr.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 816, Misc. Clarence Lymore, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 817, Misc. John Lusterino, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, New York
County, denied.
No. 821, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 822, Misc. Walter Otto, petitioner, v. Jay Marvin Lauer. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 825, Misc. Paul Alfred Carson, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 831, Misc. Mario J. DeLucia, petitioner, v. Howard Yeager,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 837, Misc. Lewis T. Hill, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Direc-
tor, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
234
No. 845, Misc. Walter Otto, etc., petitioner, v. Hon. Frank R.
Somers, Mayor of the City of Dayton, Ohio, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 846, Misc. James P. Carafas et ux., petitioners, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 847, Misc. Jesse Phillip Hawkins, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 851, Misc. Donald Clarence Smith, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 861, Misc. Ralph E. Doty, petitioner, v. Bessie Johnson, Clerk
of District Court, Wright County. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 866, Misc. J. C. Burris, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 868, Misc. George Brengettsy, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 875, Misc. Franklin Beckett, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 879, Misc. Fred Schmidt, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 881, Misc. Paul Loucks, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 891, Misc. Kenneth D. Edmondson, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 755, Misc. Victor Sharrow, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 858, Misc. May Malory, petitioner, v. James J. McGettrick,
Sheriff of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The motion of The National
Lawyers Guild for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
The motion of American and Ohio Civil Liberties Unions for leave
to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
"

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
235
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 854, Misc. George Stine Smith, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor,
Warden;
No. 870, Misc. Robert Draper et al., petitioners, v. Washington
et al.;
No. 886, Misc. Carlso Rodriguez, petitioner, v. New York;
No. 924, Misc. James Wesley Thomas, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 947, Misc. Daniel Moore, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 962, Misc. Michael Larry Schachel, petitioner, v. L. B. Ste-
vens, Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF PROHIBITION AND/OR MANDAMUS
DENIED
No. 877, Misc. William Elmer Knicker, petitioner, v. Supreme
Court of Missouri. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of pro-
hibition and/or mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 747, October Term, 1961. Shaw Warehouse Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Southern Railway Company et al. Petition for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 16. Shotwell Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States;
No. 483. John J. Casale, Inc., appellant, v. United States et al.;
No. 543. Charles D. Stuart et al., appellants, v. Waggoner Carr,
Attorney General of Texas, et al.;
No. 616. Duncan Miller, petitioner, v. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary
of the Interior;
No. 7, Misc. Thomas G. Daniel, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden;
No. 581, Misc. Carlos Acosta Abreu, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 690, Misc. Wallace H. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
: It is ordered (1) That paragraph (e) of Rule 86 of the Rules of
Civil Procedure, as adopted January 21, 1963, is amended to read as
follows:

MONDAY, MARCH 18, 1963
236
(e) Effective Date of Amendments. The amendments adopted by
the Supreme Court on January 21, 1963, and transmitted to the Con-
gress on January 21, 1963, shall take effect on July 1, 1963. They
govern all proceedings in actions brought after they take effect and
also all further proceedings in actions then pending, except to the
extent that in the opinion of the court their application in a particu-
lar action pending when the amendments take effect would not be
feasible or would work injustice, in which event the former procedure
applies.
(2) That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit this amend-
ment to Congress in accordance with the provisions of Title 28,
U.S.C., Sec. 2072.
(3) That this amendment shall take effect at the expiration of 90
days after it has been reported by the Chief Justice to Congress.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 134. David Namet, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by
Mr. John H. FitzGerald for the petitioner and by Mr. Stephen J.
Pollak for the respondent.
No. 490. John L. Brady, petitioner, v. Maryland. Argument com-
menced by Mr. E. Clinton Bamberger, Jr., for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Thomas W. Jamison III for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 19, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
490, 512, 39 (and 293), 489, and 111.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1963
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Scott Hodes, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Scott W. Lucas;
Kenneth Holniker, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Carlton R.
Sickles; Walter A. Kleinert, of Detroit, Mich., Chase S. Osborn, of
Port Huron, Mich., and Robert A. Straub, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on
motion of Mr. B. K. Wheeler; Jack Petree, of Memphis, Tenn., and
Raymond B. Witt, Jr., of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. S.
Frank Fowler; John Shelton Luton, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion
of Mr. K. Harlan Dodson, Jr.; Jerald S. Galowich, of Joliet, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Harry L. Riggs, Jr., of Erlanger,
Ky., on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Columbus; F. Burton Howard, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Alonzo Pratt Kesler; Stanley
L. Feldstein, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr. Harvey B. Nach-
man; and Alan Leon Wurtzel, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr.
Daniel Morris Singer, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 490. John L. Brady, petitioner, v. Maryland. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Thomas W. Jamison III for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. E. Clinton Bamberger, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 512. James Basham, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Ira Gammerman for the petitioner and
by Mr. David J. Mountan, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 39. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States; and
No. 293. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States. Argued by Mr.
David Rein for the petitioner and by Mr. Bruce J. Terris for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 20, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 489, 111, 178, 217, and 229.
☑
650278-63-63

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1963
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Paul Robbins, of Balboa Heights, C.Z., on motion of Mr. W. M.
Whitman; Charles C. Moore, Jr., of Washington, D.C., and Everette
G. Truly, of Natchez, Miss., on motion of Mr. James McI. Henderson;
Paul F. Kelly, of San Mateo, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lyon L. Tyler,
Jr.; Lawrence A. Hymo, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Irwin H. Rimel; Walter Franklin Norris, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Theodore Lawrence Jones; and Avon N. Williams, Jr.,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Jack Greenberg, were ad-
mitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 489. Raymond Downum, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Richard Tinsman for the petitioner and by Mr. William A.
Geoghegan for the respondent.
No. 111. William M. Ferguson, Attorney General for the State of
Kansas, et al., appellants, v. Frank C. Skrupa, d/b/a Credit Advisors.
Argued by Mr. William M. Ferguson for the appellants and by Mr.
Lawrence Weigand for the appellee.
No. 178. State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Pacific
States Cast Iron Pipe Co. Argued by Mr. F. Burton Howard for
the petitioner and by Mr. C. M. Gilmour for the respondent.
No. 217. Josephine Goss et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Edu-
cation of the City of Knoxville, Tennessee, et al. Two and one-half
hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Jack
Greenberg for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 21, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 217, 229, 297, and 322.
☑
650278-63-64

THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1963
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Harold B. Stone, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yar-
borough; J. Richard Gaier, of Piqua, Ohio, and Dimitri P. Nicholas,
of Piqua, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Harold J. Rior-
dan, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Louis F. Claiborne;
Stuart J. Land, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Denis G.
Lyons; Augustus S. Ballard, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Leonard J. Emmerglick; Sherwin L. Memel, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Harold Leventhal; Gerard P. Watson, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wilbur H. Hecht; John F. Burgan, of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Carl Bassett, Jr.; Lee G. Lovett, of
Rockville, Md., and John N. Papaioanu, of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. Eliot C. Lovett; Perry S. Bechtle, of Philadelphia, Pa., and
Martin H. Philip, of Palmerton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Thomas E.
Byrne, Jr.; and William J. Wright, of Lancaster, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Bernard Rowitz, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 217. Josephine Goss et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Knoxville, Tennessee, et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Burke Marshall for the United States, as amicus curiae, by
Mr. Harlan Dodson and Mr. S. Frank Fowler for the respondents,
by Mr. Jack Petree for the Board of Education of the Memphis City
Schools, as amicus curiae, and concluded by Mr. Jack Greenberg for
the petitioners.
No. 229. Federico Marin Gutierrez, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corp. Argued by Mr. Harvey B. Nachman for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Antonio M. Bird for the respondent.
No. 297. Dixilyn Drilling Corporation, petitioner, v. Crescent
Towing and Salvage Company. Argued by Mrs. E. D. Vickery for
the petitioner and by Mr. Charles Kohlmeyer, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 25, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 25, 1963, will be as follows: 322,
316, 491 (and 494), and 164.
☑
650278-63-65

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
240
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Allan Gillies, of Washington, D.C., Kenneth William Whittaker,
of Washington, D.C., Arthur A. Frankl, of Washington, D.C., Arthur
G. Bowman, of Glendale, Calif., Robert W. Yost, of St. Louis, Mo.,
Arthur I. Rosett, of New York, N.Y., Joseph V. Waters, of Merrick,
N.Y., and Woodrow Pershing Lipscomb, of Alexandria, Va., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; James B. West, of
Bellefontaine, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Robert
Louis Green, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Clifford Davis;
Martin F. Richman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wayne
Goodwin Barnett; Arthur R. Maier, Jr., of Boston, Mass., and Paul
W. McEntire, of Dade City, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert Davis
Powers, Jr.; Martin J. Haley, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Walter I. Horlick; Reuben G. Clark, Jr., of Washington, D.C.,
and Graham B. Moody, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. John H. Pickering; Sherwood Spencer, of Hollywood, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge vom Baur; Nick C. Spanos, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Eugene Gressman; Beverly Anne
Groner, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner;
Wm. Reece Smith, Jr., of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. John E.
Nolen, Jr.; Thomas J. Cavanaugh, of Glendive, Mont., on motion of
Mr. Frank J. Barry, Jr.; Stanley Eugene Siegel, of Aberdeen, S. Dak.,
on motion of Mr. Harvey J. Gunderson; John Donald Smyers, of
New York, N.Y., and Robert Raine Smyers, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester; Robert L. Clare, Jr., of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wm. Harvey Reeves; Edward J. Hanley, of
Lansing, Ill., and James E. Land, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Earl R. Stanley; William R. Jacox, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Felix A. Russell; Justin N. Feldman, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Julian Howard Singman; John S. Brunson, of Hous-
ton, Tex., and Lloyd M. Lunsford, of South Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Charles Dillingham; Bennet Kleinman, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Jordan Derwin, of New York, N.Y., and Martin Garbus, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ephraim S. London; William Cant McClearn,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Patrick M. Westfeldt; Thomas B.
Fifield, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. George P. Lamb; Fred-
650278-63-66

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
241
erick H. Bruenner, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph P.
Tumulty, Jr.; and Thomas Omar Lawson, of Fairfax, Va., Quin S.
Elson, of Fairfax, Va., George L. Freeman, Jr., of Fairfax, Va., Ralph
G. Louk, of Fairfax, Va., and Donald Cameron Crounse, of Fairfax,
Va., on motion of Mr. Barnard F. Jennings, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 6. Theodore R. Gibson, petitioner, v. Florida Legislative In-
vestigation Committee. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Florida for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr.
Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice White join. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 9. Beatrice Lynumn, petitioner, v. Illinois. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart.
No. 511. James E. Bush, petitioner, v. Texas. On writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas for
consideration in light of subsequent developments. Opinion per cur-
iam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 55. The Michigan National Bank, petitioner, v. Earl T.
Robertson et al.; and
No. 64. The Michigan National Bank, petitioner, v. Elvin E. Hills
et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska. Petitions for writs of certiorari granted. Judgments va-
cated and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of Nebraska for fur-
ther proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas joins concurs in the result.
No. 762. Tar Asphalt Trucking Co., Inc., appellant, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey. The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
242
No. 415, Misc. Wayne Marlin Peterson, petitioner, v. Allen Cir-
cuit Court et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Indiana for further consid-
eration in light of Lane v. Brown, No. 283, October Term, 1962,
decided March 18, 1963. Opinion per curiam.
-
ORDERS IN CASES
No. Flora Construction Company and Argus Construction
Company, d/b/a Flora and Argus Construction Company, appellant,
v. National Labor Relations Board. The motion of the appellant for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is denied.
No. 368. Retail Clerks International Association, Local 1625,
AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Alberta Schermerhorn et al. The
motion of Chamber of Commerce of the United States for leave to
file a brief, as amicus curiae is granted. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
APPEAL JURSIDICTION NOTED
No. 791. United States et al., appellants, v. J. B. Montgomery,
Inc. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Colorado. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 777. Donald G. Franklin, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 800. William J. Adams, d/b/a Beacon Hill Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. Myrtle G. Hirsch et al., d/b/a Beland Realty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 804. The Borden Company, petitioner, v. L. B. Liddy, Secre-
tary of Agriculture of the State of Iowa. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 805. The First National Bank of Memphis, petitioner, v. The
Aetna Casualty and Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 807. Sherman H. Skolnick, petitioner, v. Charles T. Martin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
No. 810. Wyoming et al., petitioners, v. United States.
243
Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 816. Blanche Peeke, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Ellen
M. Enoch et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois or Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 820. Abraham Minker, etc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for write of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 843. James Richard Baker, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 380. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., petitioners,
v. Rutland Railway Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision
of this petition.
No. 707. Alberta Gee et al., petitioners, v. Strachan Shipping
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Black are of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 713. Eugene James Allegrucci, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied for the reason that the petition was not
timely filed.
No. 749, Misc. Joseph Rosoto and John Frank Vlahovich, peti-
tioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 867, Misc. Bitz Richardson, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 878, Misc. B. W. Tucker, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 880, Misc. John Simonetti, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 915, Misc. Robert E. Morgan, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
244
No. 920, Misc. Albert Lessard, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 933, Misc. Almars Elksnis, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 967, Misc. Charles James Golston, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 714, Misc. Glenn Dale Castle, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari and for other relief to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 956, Misc. Arrual Thomas et ux., petitioners, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden, et al.;
No. 970, Misc. Ray G. Dodge et al., petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden; and
No. 974, Misc. James C. Lattin, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 611. Public Utility District No. 1 of Pend Oreille County,
Washington, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al.; and
No. 696. Harry H. Drill, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 135, October Term, 1959. George R. Dempster and Frances
S. Dempster, petitioners, v. United States of America. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 1, 1963, until
Monday, April 15, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 322. Alexander T. Sperry, petitioner, v. State of Florida ex
rel. The Florida Bar. Argued by Mr. Carlisle M. Moore for the
petitioner and by Mr. F. Trowbridge von Baur for the respondent.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1963
245
No. 316. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station employes, et al., petitioners, v. Anna
Mae Allen et al. Argued by Mr. Milton Kramer for the petitioners
and by Mr. Whiteford S. Blakeney for the respondents.
No. 491. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 494. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr., for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 26, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
491 (and 494), 164, 248, 305, and 97 (98, and 33).
-3

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1963
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Aloysius J. Castellano, of Morristown, N.J., on motion of Mr.
Harrison A. Williams, Jr.; Arthur H. Connolly, Jr., of San Francisco,
Calif., and William P. Gray, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. William Ramsey Clark; John A. Jenkins, of Columbus, Ohio,
Melvin Orfinger, of Daytona Beach, Fla., and George M. Pavia, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wayne Goodwin Barnett; Robert
Edwin Fremlin, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Bruce J.
Terris; Harry G. Hill, Jr., of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Edward S. Kirby; Robert E. LaRue, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Edward A. McCabe; Stanton D. Rosenbaum, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Charles Rosenbaum; J. O. Terrell Couch, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Harold L. Kennedy; Terry Hunter Davis,
Jr., of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. George L. Freeman, Jr., and
John P. McCarthy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William H.
Clarke, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 491. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States: and
No. 494. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 164. Nico Jacobellis, appellant, v. Ohio. Argued by Mr.
Ephraim London for the appellant and by Mr. John T. Corrigan
for the appellee.
No. 248. George K. Rosenberg, District Director, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. George Fleuti. Argued by Mr.
Philip R. Monahan for the petitioner and Mr. Hirman W. Kwan for
the respondent.
No. 305. A. J. Whipple et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Dillingham
for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for
the respondent.
650278-63-67

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1963
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
247
The day call for Wednesday, March 27, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 305, 97 (98 and 99), and 146 (and 492).
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1963
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
W. McLean Pitts, of Selma, Ala., Charles Joseph Monahan, of
Washington, D.C., Lawrence Sinclair Smith, of Miami, Fla., and
Richard L. Edgerton, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; Richard Brooks Hardee, of Tyler, Tex.,
and Jay D. Howell, Jr., of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W.
Yarborough; C. LaVerne Roberts, of Lansing, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Charles E. Chamberlain; Peter Edward Donnelly, Jr., of New-
port, R.I., on motion of Mr. John H. Fanning; Robert H. Shorb, of
Washington, D.C., and John Palmer Bankson, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Shirley Adelson Siegel, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mrs. Dorothea Merrill Dryer; John
H. Tregoning, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Frederick
Schafer; Ernest Fleischman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Gerald B. Greenwald; Samuel Mandell, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Arthur L. Winn, Jr.; Douglas D. Robertson, of Norwell,
Mass., on motion of Mr. James M. Carter; Meritt H. Steger, of San
Antonio, Tex., John J. Phelan, Jr., of North Andover, Mass., and
Albert H. Stein, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Loren K. Olson;
Bertram S. Futterman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Y. Hillel
Abrams; Joseph C. Conaty, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr.
Edwin A. Mooers; Charles W. Bennett, of Falls Church, Va., on
motion of Mr. Henry J. Vinskey; and Leland W. Carr, Jr., of Lansing,
Mich., on motion of Mr. John Holt Myers, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 305. A. J. Whipple et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox
for the respondent and concluded by Mrs. Charles Dillingham for the
petitioners.
No. 97. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. Boston and Maine Railroad et al.;
No. 98. Maryland Port Authority et al., appellants, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al.; and
650278-63-68

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1963
249
No. 99. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al. Three and one-half hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane, Mr. Jervis Langdon,
Jr., and Mr. William L. Marbury for the appellants and by Mr. J.
William Doolittle, Mr. Thomas E. Dewey, and Mr. Robert G. Bleak-
ney, Jr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 28, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
146 (and 492), 240, and 600.
☑

THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1963
250
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Maryann S. Freedman, of Buffalo, N.Y., Robert P. Freedman, of
Buffalo, N.Y., Bruce E. Clubb, of Washington, D.C., and Samuel D.
Krause, of Fessenden, N. Dak., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Robert T. O'Leary, of Butte, Mont., on motion of
Mr. Lee Metcalf; Grace S. Day, of St. Joseph, Mo., and Gordian S.
Benes, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Edward V. Long; James
W. Heyer, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon L. Allott;
Joseph F. Holman, of Farmington, Maine, on motion of Mr. Stanley
R. Tupper; Rose Baum Kraut, of Poughkeepsie, N.Y., on motion of
Miss Beatrice Rosenberg; David Oppenheim, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. David A. Lindsay; W. Walton Garrett, of Birm-
ingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wiley S. Messick; Earl Waring Dunn,
of Grand Rapids, Mich., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Deeb; James
Sollers Oneto, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John P. Marshall;
Clement Theodore Cooper, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
William Beasley Harris; Robert Gayle Nunn, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Eugene F. Bogan; Henry H. Brylawski, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; Robert
Frederick Eisengrein, of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. William
Martin Joyce; Richard L. Daly, of St. Louis, Mo., and Robert J.
O'Hanlon, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Sidney M. Glazer; and
John Canelli, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Scott, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 146. The Colorado Anti-Discrimination Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. Continental Air Lines, Inc.; and
192 No. 942. Marlon D. Green, petitioner, v. Continental Air Lines,
Inc. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. T.
Raber Taylor and Mr. Floyd B. Engeman for the petitioners, by
Mr. Howard H. Jewel for the State of California, as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court, by Mrs. Shirley A. Siegel for the State of
New York, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and by Mr.
Patrick M. Westfeldt for the respondent.
650278-63--69

THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1963
251
No. 240. Andre Maximov, etc., petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. David A. Lindsay for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis
F. Claiborne for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 1, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
☑

FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1963
252
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1293, Misc. Leslie Douglas Ashley and Carolyn Lima, peti-
tioners, v. Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
☑
650278-63 - -70

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
253
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Darwin Paul Kal, of Chicago, Ill., Albert Clanton Lowery, of
Miami, Fla., Philip F. Marantz, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Garnett
Glenn Reinhardt, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Margaret Faires Baily, of Reno, Nev., and Leslie M.
Fry, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Woodrow H.
McClellan, of Little Rock, Ark., and Franklin Wilder, of Fort Smith,
Ark., on motion of Mr. John L. McClellan; Clarence LeRoy Fitz-
water, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse;
Paul R. Donaldson, of Shaker Heights, Ohio, and Robert Taft, Jr.,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Russel
James Wildman, of Peru, Ind., on motion of Mr. J. Edward Roush;
Donald Greenhut Joel, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert
Grier Stephens, Jr.; Edward A. DeClerck, of Enid, Okla., on motion
of Mr. Page Belcher; Francis Dickson Hand, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Davis; Beverly Waugh Smith, Jr., of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; Ida McKin-
ney, of Cleveland Heights, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Roy St. Lewis;
Len. W. Holt, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. David Rein; Henry
C. Bauer, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. William Joseph
Bray; John J. Stang, of LaCrosse, Kans., on motion of Mr. Robert J.
Dole; Frank A. Neal, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. James
L. Dooley; Elton Kendall Clarke, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. Neil Brooks; William E. Mason, of Oak Park, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Lowell B. Mason; Bill B. Betz, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Mark H. Woolsy; Samuel Dorfman, of Richmond, Va.,
Andrew J. Carmichael, Jr., of Richmond, Va., Richard Carlyle Hoy,
of Richmond, Va., and Greek P. Rice, of Richmond, Va., on motion
of Mr. L. Paul Winings; Lucile Burd Wendt, of Arlington, Va., and
C. Morten Wendt, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas M.
Raysor; Dorothea M. Klajbor, of Washington, D.C., Chester A.
Nauminow, of Washington, D.C., Robert J. Rosenthal, of Washing-
ton, D.C., Wilfred L. Rothrock, of Washington, D.C., John Milone,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., William S. Joy, of Chicago, Ill., Howard
E. Meixner, of Louisville, Ky., Thomas W. Kennedy, of Medford,
Mass., James S. Hunt, of Bethesda, Md., Harold Kaufman, of Silver
650278-63-71

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
254
Spring, Md., Joe E. Moody, of Bethesda, Md., Alexander Sacks, of
New York, N.Y., and Lawson B. Knott, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester; and Frank J. Traversi, of San
Diego, Calif., J. Edward Collins, of Honolulu, Hawaii, Philip T.
Riley, of Des Moines, Iowa, Charles Vincent Morrissey, of Montclair,
N.J., Anthony T. Dittmeier, of Reading, Ohio, John W. Purcell, of
Harrisburg, Pa., Mary E. Sullivan McGonagle, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Edward F. C. McGonagle, of Pittsburgh, Pa., John E. Curley, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., William J. McDonald, of Scranton, Pa., Frank J.
Amabile, of Armonk, N.Y., Charles E. Rice, of Garden City, N.Y.,
James Austin Browne, of New York, N.Y., Alvan Sterling, of Scars-
dale, N.Y., James Di Prete, Jr., of Cranston, R.I., James L. Taft,
Jr., of Cranston, R.I., Paul P. Pederzani, Jr., of North Kingstown,
R.I., James J. McAleer, Jr., of Providence, R.I., John Tramonti, Jr.,
of Providence, R.I., James P. Quirk, of Warwick, R.I., Stephen J.
Brunero, Jr., of West Warwick, R.I., Thomas P. Salmon, of Bellows
Falls, Vt., Frederick J. Glover, of Ludlow, Vt., Patrick O'Driscoll,
of Arlington, Va., John F. Healy, of Arlington, Va., Thomas David
Kenna, Jr., of Arlington, Mass., Joseph Weingarten, of Belmont,
Mass., John Henry Brebbia, of Boston, Mass., John W. Burke, of
Boston, Mass., Charles W. Capraro, of Boston, Mass., Robert P. Dol-
bec, of Boston, Mass., Francis E. Dooley, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Daniel
Gerard Holland, of Boston, Mass., John B. Lucozzi, of Boston, Mass.,
John F. McCarty, of Boston, Mass., Raymond Carl McCulloch, of
Boston, Mass., Joseph John Monaghan, of Boston, Mass., Philip F.
Garity, of Braintree, Mass., William B. Hickey, of Brookline, Mass.,
Charles L. Shea, of Burlington, Mass., Thomas F. Murphy, of Bur-
lington, Mass., Thomas A. Tyber, of Canton, Mass., Paul D. Maggioni,
of Dedham, Mass., Wilfred J. Baranick, of Dover, Mass., Robert M.
Laprade, of Easthampton, Mass., James W. Luby, of Framingham,
Mass., Dermot P. Shea, of Granby, Mass., James Peter Cleary, Jr.,
of Haverhill, Mass., Gerard F. Lane, of Holbrook, Mass., Joseph C.
King, of Lawrence, Mass., David J. Fenton, of Lowell, Mass., Manuel
Moutinho, Jr., of Ludlow, Mass., David Lawrence Whitney, of
Lynnfield, Mass., W. Lawrence McNeil, of Medford, Mass., P. Joseph
Kenney, of Medway, Mass., Walter J. Connelly, of Milton, Mass.,
Arthur L. Glynn, of Natick, Mass., Garrett J. Cullen, Jr., of Needham,
Mass., Michael F. Poczatek, of New Bedford, Mass., Edward F. Har-
rington, of New Bedford, Mass., Albert Poczatek, Jr., of New Bed-
ford, Mass., Paul B. Dinkel, of Newton, Mass., Kieran T. Ridge, of
Newton, Mass., Allan C. Cole, Jr., of Quincy, Mass., Janet M. Healy,
of Quincy, Mass., John R. Serafini, of Salem, Mass., Edward J.
Powers, of Shrewsbury, Mass., Harvey E. Lussier, of Springfield,
Mass., Timothy J. Davern, of Swampscott, Mass., Edward F. Flynn,

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
255
Jr., of Swampscott, Mass., James M. Oates, Jr., of Watertown, Mass.,
Charles W. Brennan, of Wayland, Mass., Henry A. Letoile, of Way-
land, Mass., Robert H. Gaughen, of Weymouth, Mass., Francis L.
Kelly, of Weymouth, Mass., Charles T. Birmingham, Jr., of Wollaston,
Mass., Cornelius S. Donoghue, Jr., of Worcester, Mass., and James
F. Queenan, Jr., of Worcester, Mass., on motion of Mr. Robert F.
Drinan, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 65. Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company, petitioner, v. United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 178. State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Pacific
States Cast Iron Pipe Co. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Utah. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Utah for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 515. Richard R. Harshman, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois with in-
structions to dismiss the indictment. Opinion per curiam.
No. 516. Malcolm Lebert Parker, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois with in-
structions to dismiss the indictment. Opinion per curiam.
No. 403. Banco
batino, etc., et al.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Nacional de Cuba, petitioner, v. Peter L. F. Sab-
The motion of Pan-American Life Insurance Com-
pany for leave to be heard, as amicus curiae, is granted to permit the
filing of a brief but not to permit the presentation of oral argument.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
256
No. 631. Alvin R. Campbell et al., petitioners, v. United States.
The motion of the respondent to remove the case from the summary
calendar is granted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 485. James B. Carey, as President of the International Union
of Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v.
Westinghouse Electric Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York granted limited to Question 1 pre-
sented by the petition which reads as follows:
"Whether a state court is pre-empted of its jurisdiction to enforce
arbitration provisions of a collective bargaining agreement by com-
pelling arbitration of a grievance alleging that the employer violated
the agreement by assigning work covered by the agreement to em-
ployees outside the collective bargaining unit and refusing to apply the
terms and provisions of the agreement to the performance of such
work."
The case is placed on the summary calendar. The Solicitor General
is invited to file a brief, as amicus curiae, expressing the views of the
United States. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 673. Morris Gotthilf, petitioner, v. Benjamin Sills et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York, First Judicial Department,
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 808. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Southern Cali-
fornia Edison Company et al.; and
No. 822. City of Colton, California, petitioner, v. Southern Cali-
fornia Edison Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 833. Aro Manufacturing Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Con-
| vertible Top Replacement Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar. The motion to use the
record in Aro Mfg. Co., Inc., et al. v. Convertible Top Replacement
Co., Inc., No. 21, October Term, 1960, is granted.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 646. Frank Brown, petitioner, v. Robert G. Smith, Warden,
Vermont State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 726. Robert Guippone, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 727. Matthew Palmieri, petitioner, v. United States;

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
257
No. 728. Charles Schiffman, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 729. Charles Tandler, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 791, Misc. Anthony Porcelli, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 899, Misc. Rocco Scopellitti, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 948, Misc. Vito Agueci, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 771. Allen Dudley et al., petitioners, v. Orange County,
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Flor-
ida denied.
No. 813. Ruth Bawden, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 815. Harvey F. Euge, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals of Missouri denied.
No. 818. Universal Film Exchanges, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Finance and Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 819. Fernanda Misani, petitioner, v. Ortho Pharmaceutical
Corp. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 825. W. H. Dudgeon, Doing Business as All States Drive-
Aways Agency, et al., petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 826. William A. Albaugh, etc., petitioner, v. Ralph R. Roberts,
Clerk, United States House of Representatives. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 799. Truman Eugene Willard, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1010, Misc. Johnnie Brown, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 18. United States, appellant, v. National Dairy Products
Corp. et al.;
No. 629. Alfred J. Hausfeld, petitioner, v. Robert N. Ziegler;
No. 711. National Bulk Carriers, Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Mrs. Valerie Jean Gardner, Administratrix, etc.;

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1963
258
No. 721. Carson J. May, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany; and
No. 685, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of California et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 62. Northern Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. State Cor-
poration Commission of the State of Kansas. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 294, Misc. Rudolph Muller, petitioner, v. New York. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
Adjourned until Monday, April 15, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 15, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
12, Original, 392, and 600.
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
259
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Julian E. Kulas, of Chicago, Ill., Robert E. Harding, Jr., of New
York, N.Y., Max Ray Murphy, of East Lansing, Mich., Lawrence D.
Gaughan, of Missoula, Mont., Peter L. Hughes III, of Union, N.J.,
Irwin I. Kimmelman, of Newark, N.J., Joseph S. Seidel of Spring-
field, N.J., John Grant Willis, of New York, N.Y., and William J.
Dammarell, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Kenneth K. Saruwatari, of Honolulu, Hawaii, on
motion of Mr. Daniel K. Inouye; Cecil B. Nance, Jr., of West Mem-
phis, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. C. Gathings; Owen C. Pearce, of
Fort Smith, Ark., on motion of Mr. James W. Trimble; Bertram
George Davis, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. George N.
Craig; Robert Fleming Pyatt, of Hobbs, N. Mex., on motion of Mr.
Earl E. Hartley; Jesse M. Charlton, Jr., of Eunice, La., and Wil-
liam C. Vinet, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Carl G.
Moore; Robert S. Currey, of Mishawaka, Ind., on motion of Mr.
J. Walter Yeagley; Miriam M. Robinson, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Lewis H. Shapiro; Robert D. Horner, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William P. Smith; Geraldine R. Keyes, of
Fairfax, Va., and Ardith M. Horne, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Charles J. Ribar; William Saxe Zeman, of Hartford, Conn.,
on motion of Mr. Mozart G. Ratner; Robert William Long, of Ash-
land, Pa., and Henry C. Rubin, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion
of Mr. A. Bruce Wright; Charles E. Pfund, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. George R. Douglas, Jr.; Sidney Cohen, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., and Benjamin Liebov, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Cyril S. Lawrence; Fernando Ruiz-Suria, of San Juan, P.R., on
motion of Mr. William Simon; Volney Frederick Morin, of Holly-
wood, Calif., on motion of Mr. James M. Schuette; Arthur Frederick
James, of Toledo, Ohio, and Steven Timonere, of Toledo, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Stuart J. Land; Austin Brown Noble, of Burlington,
Vt., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Debevoise; John H. Ames, of Mil-
waukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Arnold H. Weiss; Edwin P. Hirsch,
of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Arnold H. Hirsch; John M. Cleary,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John F. Donelan; John M.
650278-63-72

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
260
Calimafde, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph B. Stewart;
Forrest E. Washburn, of Reed City, Mich., on motion of Mr. Arthur A.
Steffan; Nick G. Onychuk, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam Wolcott Goodrich; Joseph J. Nolan, of Wakefield, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Robert B. Nolan; and Newell Edenfield, of Atlanta,
Ga., Willie Dan Greer, of Decatur, Ga., and William H. Major, of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Lamar W. Sizemore, were admitted
to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 61. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Texas for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 70. Irving J. Wolf et al., petitioners, v. Arnold A. Weinstein et
al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Writ dismissed as improvidently granted insofar
as it granted review of judgment of Court of Appeals in its case No.
27,000, but reversed insofar as it relates to its case No. 26,362. Case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart joins concurring in the partial dismissal of the writ and dis-
senting from reversal of judgment in case No. 26,362.
No. 430. Arrow Transportation Company et al., petitioners, v.
Southern Railway Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black
join.
No. 31. H. P. Dugan et al., petitioners, v. Everett G. Rank et al.;
and
No. 115. The Delano-Earlimart Irrigation District et al., petition-
ers, v. Everett G. Rank et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment as to the
dismissal of the United States as a party affirmed. As for the local
Reclamation Bureau officials and the Irrigation and Utility Districts
are concerned, judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals with directions that it remand the case to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California with instruc-
tions that the same be dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr.
Chief Justice Warren took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
261
No. 51. City of Fresno, petitioner, v. California et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment, insofar as it relates to the City of Fresno, affirmed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with directions to vacate
the judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California and remand the case with instructions to dis-
miss the same. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Chief Justice
Warren took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 297. Dixilyn Drilling Corporation, petitioner, v. Crescent Tow-
ing & Salvage Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan.
No. 512. James Basham, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of
New York for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 768. Lester C. Newton Trucking Company et al., appellants, v.
United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware. The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 781. Clinton T. Johnson et ux., appellants, v. California. Ap-
peal from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appel-
late District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 803. Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power
District, appellant, v. The City of Mesa. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Arizona. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
262
No. 809. Milton M. Karpel, appellant, v. California. Appeal from
the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of California,
County of Los Angeles. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 814. W. M. Daniels, appellant, v. United States et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Montana.
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 827. Lila Meyerkorth et al., appellants, v. Nebraska et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Nebraska. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 853. Betty Johnson, appellant, v. Mississippi. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 854. George Fuqua, appellant, v. Mississippi. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1, Misc. Alfred L. Johnson, alias Albert L. Johnson, peti-
tioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Indiana. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Indiana
for further consideration in light of Lane v. Brown, 372 U.S. 477.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 4, Misc. Leonard C. Thompson, petitioner, v. Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Indiana for further consideration in light of Lane
v. Brown, 372 U.S. 477. Opinion per curiam.
No. 17, Misc. Philip Craig, petitioner, v. Indiana. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Indiana for further consideration in light of Lane v. Brown,
372 U.S. 477. Opinion per curiam.
No. 63, Misc. Alan B. Luckman, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar, Di-
rector of Department of Corrections, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Motion for leave to

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
263
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia for further consideration in light of Douglas v. California,
372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in their opinions in Douglas
v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 70, Misc. Nathan Boyd Holmes, petitioner, v. California et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, for further consideration in
light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons
stated in their opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 134, Misc. William Leon Barber, Sr., petitioner, v. Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for further con-
sideration in light of Griffin v. Illinois, 351 U. S. 12, and Douglas v.
California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam.
No. 301, Misc. Alfred Glen Symons, petitioner v. California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, for further consideration in
light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons
stated in their opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 360, Misc. Clarence Tucker, petitioner, v. Indiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certio-
rari granted. Judgment vacated and case demanded to the Supreme
Court of Indiana for further consideration in light of Lane v. Brown,
372 U.S. 477. Opinion per curiam.
No. 444, Misc. Roy Francis Holloman, petitioner, v. Virginia. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for further considera-
650278-63-73

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
264
tion in light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 534, Misc. Walter Williams, petitioner, v. California et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of California for further consideration in light of
Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in
their opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 599, Misc. John Joseph Collins, petitioner, v. California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remainded to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, for further consideration in light of
Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated
in their opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 718, Misc. Paul Puntari, appellant, v. Pennsylvania. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District. The ap-
peal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 34. William Douglas and Bennie Will Meyes, petitioners, v.
California. The motion for allowance of attorney's transportation
expenses is denied.
No. 482. Local No. 207, International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural and Ornamental Iron Workers Union, et al., petitioners, v.
Jacob Perko; and
No. 541. Local 100 of the United Association of Journeymen and
Apprentices, petitioner, v. H. N. Borden. The motion of American
Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 783. United States, appellant, v. David Thomas Healy et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
CERTIORARI GRANTED
265
No. 876. Italia Societa Per Azioni di Navigazione, petitioner, v.
Oregon Stevedoring Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 585. Israel Dresner et al., petitioners, v. City of Tallahassee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Florida, Second
Judicial Circuit, granted. Counsel are directed to brief and argue,
in addition to the merits, the question of whether the judgment is
supported by adequate state grounds.
No. 737. Marguerite Loretta Aldrich, petitioner, v. William T.
Aldrich et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 738. Honorable Francis L. Van Dusen, Judge, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Roberta Barrack, Administratrix, etc., et al.; and
No. 851. Francis L. Van Dusen, United States District Judge, et al.,
petitioners, v. Roberta Barrack, Administratrix, etc., et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours.
allotted for oral argument.
No. 844. Harold A. Boire, Regional Director, Twelfth Region, Na-
tional Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Greybound Cor-
poration. The motion of Amalgamated Association of Street, Electric
Railway and Motor Coach Employes of America, AFL-CIO for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 17. Ideal Farms, Inc., and Franklin Lakes Dairy Producers,
Inc., petitioners, v. Orville L. Freeman, Secretary of Agriculture of
the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 720. Melvin Davis Rees, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 765. Pfeiffer Electric Company, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Sixth
Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 836. Chemical Corporation of America, petitioner, v. An-
heuser-Busch, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
266
No. 837. Loring J. Whiteside, petitioner, v. J. Edward Slavin et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 838. Charter Wire, Inc., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 839. Orville P. Fox et al., petitioners, v. Northern Illinois De-
velopment Corporation, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 840. Gerald Milton Seidler, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 847. Armour Research Foundation of Illinois Institute of
Technology, petitioner, v. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 848. Pasquale Albanese et al., petitioners, v. Sacramento
County Board of Equalization et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 849. William A. Mousley et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 852. Teitelbaum Furs, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. American
Home Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 856. William H. Jefferson, petitioner, v. Taiyo Kaiun K.K., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 857. Myles Harper, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 858. Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales, petitioner, v. Paragon
Oil Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 859. Kalman Greenhill and Frank Proctor, Jr., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 860. Illinois Protestant Children's Home, petitioner, v. De-
partment of Public Welfare of State of Illinois et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 865. John R. Cole, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
仙

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
267
No. 868. Charles Leroy Melquist, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 869. Shell Oil Company, petitioner, v. C. P. McKnight and
H. H. Green. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 870. The Congregation of Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate
Word, petitioner, v. The City of San Antonio, Texas, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Tenth
Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 871. Progress Development Corporation, petitioner, v. Deer-
field Park District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 872. Alfred L. Ochs et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 920. The Southeast Texas Chapter of National Electrical Con-
tractors Association et al., petitioners, v. Texas. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Sixth Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 829. John Soderman, petitioner, v. United States Civil Service
Commission, etc. The motion to dispense with printing the petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 16, Misc. Gordon J. Tennison, petitioner, v. The District
Court of Iowa in and for Lee County. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 38, Misc. James Paxton, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 52, Misc. Frank M. Atkinson, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Colorado denied.
No. 368, Misc. Sidney D. Jones, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunningham,
Jr., Superintendent, State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia, denied.
No. 542, Misc. George Gilbert and Jess Brown, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 638, Misc. Lindburgh Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
268
"I'
No. 662, Misc. Clone S. Clay, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 768, Misc. George Danielson, petitioner, v. Minnesota. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 772, Misc. Judson E. Holt, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 795, Misc. Henry E. Hansen, petitioner, v. Wisconsin et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 828, Misc. David Berry, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 834, Misc. Roy Lee Smartt, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.
No. 853, Misc. Walter Thomson, petitioner, v. Hon. Bert H.
Tunks, District Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, First Supreme Judicial District,
denied.
No. 862, Misc. M. O. Dantzler, petitioner, v. Dictograph Products,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 873, Misc. William Wells, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 892, Misc. C. J. Williams, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 893, Misc. Eddie White, Sr., petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 894, Misc. George Lewis Creswell, petitioner, v. Director, Pa-
tuxent Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of Maryland denied.
No. 900, Misc. Avery L. Lee, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Baltimore County, Maryland, denied.
No. 903, Misc. Curtis Orneal McKeithan, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 905, Misc. Frederick Gray, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
W

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
269
No. 913, Misc. James M. Chaffin, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
I wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 914, Misc. Frederick W. Boyer, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 919, Misc. Jerry W. Fryson, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 921, Misc. William Lupo, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 925, Misc. William Coleman, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 931, Misc. Albert Vernon Madesen, petitioner, v. John E.
Bennett, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Iowa denied.
No. 932, Misc. Byron R. Ball, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 951, Misc. Walter Edwards, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1033, Misc. Clifton L. Gravette, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 839, Misc. Louis C. White, petitioner, v. California;
No. 950, Misc. John Threatt, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 994, Misc. Robert Morton, petitioner, v. Georgia. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1039, Misc. Louis M. Grieco, petitioner, v. Harold V. Lang-
lois, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submited as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 993, Misc. In the Matter of James Wilson, petitioner;
No. 1001, Misc. Maurice X. Walker, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution; and

MONDAY, APRIL 15, 1963
270
No. 1100, Misc. Kalman Greenhill and Frank Proctor, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. Richard T. Rives et al., Circuit Judges of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motions for leave to file.
petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 717. Lynchburg Traffic Bureau, petitioner, v. Smith's Transfer
Corporation of Staunton, Virginia;
No. 756. Orion T. Whiting, Jr., and Lucretia Killings, petitioners,
v. United States;
No. 822, Misc. Walter Otto, petitioner, v. Jay Marvin Lauer; and
No. 845, Misc. Walter Otto, etc., petitioner, v. Hon. Frank R.
Somers, Mayor of the City of Dayton, Ohio, et al. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 256. In the Matter of the Estate of Annie E. Hurst, Deceased.
Motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 12, Original. State of Hawaii, plaintiff, v. Kermit Gordon.
Argued by Mr. Bert T. Kobayashi and Mr. Dennis G. Lyons for the
plaintiff and by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the defendant. Memo-
randa to come.
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. Three
hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr.
Carol J. Head for the appellants and continued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Cox for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 16, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
392, 600, 401, and 405.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 16, 1963
271
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John V. Grady, of Clinton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Archibald Cox; Ellis Jackson Parker III, of Birmingham, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Wiley S. Messick; David Parson, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Theodore George Gilinsky; Edward L. Lanigan, of
Lawrence, Mass., on motion of Mr. James Thaddeus Clark; George C.
Grant, of Macon, Ga., on motion of Mr. T. Baldwin Martin; James
E. McLaughlin, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles Alan
Wright; Oscar William Olson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Sidney W. Albert, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Fred E. Weisgal; Laurence J. Cohen, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Louis Sherman; Jas. R. Patton, Jr., of McLean,
Va., on motion of Mr. John G. Laylin; and Giles D. H. Synder, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William C. Hart, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the United States,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, by Mr. Earl E. Hartley
and Mr. Robert Pyatt for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Carol J.
Head for the appellants.
No. 600. Robert Galloway White, petitioner, v. Maryland. Argued
by Mr. Fred E. Weisgal for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert F.
Sweeney for the respondent.
No. 401. United States for the Use of H. W. Moseley, d/b/a Mose-
ley Plumbing and Heating Company, petitioner, v. Electronic & Mis-
sile Facilities, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. George C.
Grant for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Newell Edenfield for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 17, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
401, 405, 414, 424, and 404.
✓
650278-63-74
xy
"

1
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1963
272
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Kenneth J. Robinson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. James
G. O'Hara; Alice Kolnick, of Lincolnwood, Ill., Milton J. Wallace,
of Miami, Fla., and Emanuel Gyler, of Long Beach, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Richard M. Roberts; Derrick A. Bell, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
on motion of Mrs. Julia Perry Cooper; Dennis C. Harrington, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. James E. McLaughlin; Leonard L.
Matthews, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Charles Jay Pilzer;
Marvin Menaker, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Edward B. Rosen-
berg; Allan Rodgers Moltzen, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Delmar W. Holloman; Leo Blacher, of Malden, Mass., and
Earle Westgate Putnam, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Ber-
nard Cushman; Richard W. Look, of Wyandotte, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Charles M. Noone; Thomas Ryan Prewitt, of Memphis, Tenn.,
on motion of Mr. Harry C. Pierotti; and Edward Robert Holmberg,
Jr., of Waukegan, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald E. Deuster; were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 401. United States for the Use of H. W. Moseley, d/b/a Mose-
ley Plumbing and Heating Company, petitioner, v. Electronic & Mis-
sile Facilities, Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Newell Eden-
field for the respondents and concluded by Mr. George C. Grant for
the petitioner.
No. 405. United States, petitioner, v. Pioneer American Insurance
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Richard M. Roberts for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Owen C. Pearce for the respondents.
No. 414. Michael Shenker, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Charles Alan Wright for the
petitioner and by Mr. Alexander H. Hadden for the respondent.
No. 424. I. A. Watson, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. City of Memphis
et al. Argument commenced by Mrs. Constance B. Motley for the
petitioners and continued by Mr. Thomas R. Prewitt for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 18, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
424, 404, 368, 463, and 509.

THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1963
273
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Louis Kerlinsky, of Springfield, Mass., Victor M. Earle III, of
New York, N.Y., Bernard N. Freudenfeld, of Milwaukee, Wis., and
Edward Corrigan, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; John L. Beckley, of McArthur, Ohio, and
Bernard V. Fultz, of Middleport, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Homer
E. Abele; Waller M. Collie, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr.
William Ramsey Clark; Bob Lynn Edwards, of Richmond, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr.; Robert Anderson Dunham,
of San Antonio, Tex., Francis V. Hanify, of Belmont, Mass., and
Saul Lawrence Victor, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter
I. Horlick; G. B. Herring, of Canton, Miss., on motion of Mr.
William E. Cresswell; Theodore H. Friedman, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Leonard E. Ackermann; Martin S. Thaler, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Isaiah Guyman Martin, Jr.;
Edwin Fortune Russell, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. J.
David Mann, Jr.; E. David Rosen, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Harry Friedman; David L. Benetar, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Henry H. Nordlinger; I. Leonard Kovitz, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Hyman Smollar; Jess Paul Santo, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles Stanley Hall; and William Carlton
Schultz, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., and James Frank Young, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Thomas E. Byrne, Jr., were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 424. I. A. Watson, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. City of Memphis
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Thomas R. Prewitt for the
respondents and concluded by Mrs. Constance B. Motley for the
petitioners.
No. 404. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for
the petitioner and by Mr. Harry S. Benjamin, Jr., for the
respondent.
650278-63- -76

THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1963
274
No. 368. Retail Clerks International Association, Local 1625, AFL-
CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Alberta Schermerhorn et al. Argued by
Mr. S. G. Lippman for the petitioners and by Mr. Bernard B.
Weksler for the respondents.
No. 463. Thomas I. Fitzgerald, Public Administrator of the County
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. United States Lines Company.
Argued by Mr. Theodore H. Friedman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Matthew L. Danahar for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 22, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 22, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
509, 506, 464, 493, and 480.
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
275
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James W. Ambrose, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Alfred Legelis, of Boston,
Mass., Martin S. Mandon, of Paterson, N.J., Les J. Weinstein, of
Washington, D.C., David B. Filvaroff, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Rich-
ard Wernersbach, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Thomas F. Eagleton, of St. Louis, Mo., J. Gordon
Siddens, of Kansas City, Mo., John H. Denman, of Jefferson City,
Mo., Charles B. Burns, Jr., of Brookfield, Mo., Joseph Nessenfeld, of
St. Louis, Mo., and George W. Draper II, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Edward V. Long; Paul L. Douglas, of Lincoln, Nebr., on mo-
tion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis; John N. Vlachos, of Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and Robert E. Meader, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. George
Meader; Frederick John Cartolano, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert S.
Kraft, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Richard F. Plechner, of Metuchen,
N.J., on motion of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr.; Jack E. Horsley, of Mattoon,
Ill., William E. Larrabee, of Mattoon, Ill., Howard W. Campbell, of
Mt. Vernon, Ill., Loren J. Kabbes, of Mattoon, Ill., and Robert M.
Werden, of Mattoon, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Lee Springer;
Robert Weldon Smith, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William
Ramsey Clark; Joel Truex Camche, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. David L. Shapiro; Joe Schreiber, of Waycross, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Frederick Solomon; Alexander Eulenberg, of Evanston, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Nalton Morrow Bennett, of Lake-
land, Fla., on motion of Mr. William H. Bennison; Earl Wayne Long,
of Joplin, Mo., and Blaine Edward Strader, of Raytown, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Richard E. Blair; Richard Osborn Creedon, of Indi-
anapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Pledger, Jr.; Raymond
Earl Harth, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank D. Reeves; Jack
A. Hiller, of Valparaiso, Ind., on motion of Mr. Charles W. Halleck;
John Benedek, of Chicago, Ill., John Henry Coburn, of Chicago, Ill.,
and Violet M. Coburn Benedek, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Abraham H. Maller; John Douglas McLellan, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Alfred H. Myers; Thomas Edward Higgins, of
Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Charles H. Kriger; Gerald S. Gor-
don, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Henry J. Fox; Stanley Elliot
650278-63-77

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
276
Tobin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Martin S. Thaler;
David Read Richards, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. L. N. D.
Wells, Jr.; Martin Alan Spritzer, of Metuchen, N.J., on motion of
Mr. Henry M. Switkay; Samuel A. Gennet, of Newark, N.J., on mo-
tion of Mr. David Lloyd Kreeger; James W. Rodgers, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson; John E. Holmes, of
Berkley, Mich., Patrick J. Duggan, of Detroit, Mich., Donald M.
Barton, of Livonia, Mich., Lonnie Hugh Brashear, of Livonia, Mich.,
Clarence R. Charest, of Livonia, Mich., Frank A. Clancy, of Livonia,
Mich., Donald C. Deremo, of Livonia, Mich., James E. Mies, of
Livonia, Mich., William N. Ponder, of Livonia, Mich., and John R.
Wilder, of Livonia, Mich., on motion of Mrs. Ann Cooper Penning;
and Marvin Tullius Scott, of Mobile, Ala., Richard Henry Mills, of
Virginia, Ill., Harold Richard Clark, of Alton, Ill., John Bampfield
Coppinger, of Alton, Ill., Richard H. Gauthier, of Arabi, La., Donald
Aaron Meyer, of New Orleans, La., Lee Kahn Levy, of New Orleans,
La., Sylvan Julian Steinberg, of New Orleans, La., Robert John De
Mund, of Detroit, Mich., Leo Edward Eickhoff, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.,
John Hugh Roff, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., Charles Richard Beard, of St.
Louis, Mo., Eugene V. Krell, of St. Louis, Mo., John Charles Clardy,
of St. Louis, Mo., Leonard Alsup Siebels, of St. Louis, Mo., Gerald
Allen Rimmel, of St. Louis, Mo., E. Louis Werner, Jr., of St. Louis,
Mo., Lawrence Norman Weenick, of St. Louis, Mo., Jean M. Unter-
berger, of St. Louis, Mo., Robert Hall Fisher, of Houston, Tex..
Edmunds Travis, Jr., of Houston, Tex., Julian Edwin Freeman, of
Houston, Tex., Carol Stoner Vance, of Houston, Tex., James Edward
Brill, of Houston, Tex., Donald L. Martin, of Houston, Tex., Herman
Gaskamp, of Houston, Tex., Theodore Eggleston Bailey, Jr., of Hous-
ton, Tex., James Reese Gillespie, of San Antonio, Tex., Myron Mayer
Sheinfeld, of Houston, Tex., Rupert Philip Schulze, Jr., of Houston,
Tex., Jo Edward Shaw, Jr., of Houston, Tex., and Donald Sylvester
O'Neil, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. William E. O'Donovan,
were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 108. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. The New
York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 109. Sea-Land Service, Inc., appellant, v. The New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 110. Seatrain Lines, Inc., appellant, v. New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 125. United States, appellant, v. New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the District of Connecticut. Judgment vacated

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
277
and cases remanded to that Court with instructions to remand the
I cases to the Interstate Commerce Commission with directions to set
aside its order to the extent that it related to certain railroad TOFC
rates described therein and for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 489. Raymond Downum, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States.
District Court for the Western District of Texas for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice
White join.
No. 146. The Colorado Anti-Discrimination Commission et al., pe-
titioners, v. Continental Air Lines, Inc.; and
No. 492. Marlon D. Green, petitioner, v. Continental Air Lines,
Inc. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado.
Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of
Colorado for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 111. William M. Ferguson, Attorney General for the State of
Kansas, et al., appellants, v. Frank C. Skrupa, d/b/a Credit Advisors.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Kansas. Judgment reversed and case remanded to that court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the
judgment on the ground that this state measure bears a rational
relation to a constitutionally permissible objective.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 133. Daniel Alton Williams, petitioner, v. Eugene M. Zuckert,
Secretary of the Air Force, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Petition for rehearing granted and the order heretofore entered, 371
U.S. 531, dismissing the writ of certiorari is vacated. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
類

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
278
No. 120. Treadwell Construction Company, petitioner, v. United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States.
District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania for further
consideration in light of Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company v. United
States, 372 U.S. 597. Opinion per curiam.
No. 834. John G. Giles et al., appellants, v. Maryland. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 2, Misc. Albert Walker, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Williamson County, Illinois. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Williamson County,
Illinois, for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 6, Misc. Roy E. LaForge, Jr., petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Flor-
ida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372
U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 8, Misc. Clarence Tyler, petitioner, v. North Carolina. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to
the Supreme Court of North Carolina for further consideration in
light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 14, Misc. Elbert H. Patterson, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Maryland for further con-
sideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 15, Misc. Anthony Rice, petitioner, v. Louis L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for fur-
1

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
279
ther consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 32, Misc. Jasper Jack Hatten, petitioner, v. Louis L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of
| certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida
for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S.
335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 37, Misc. Nathaniel Raymond Haynes, petitioner, v. Florida.
On motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Motion for leave to
file a petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers
submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida, certiorari is granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Florida for further consideration in light of
Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 56, Misc. Henry Weigner, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, for further con-
sideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 61, Misc. Richard Frank Lindner, petitioner, v. Elbert V.
Nash, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Missouri for further consi-
deration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 67, Misc. Eugene Garner, Jr., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wain-
wright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 74, Misc. Frank Vecchiolli, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pensylvania, Eastern District.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
650278-63- -78

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
280
certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Pensylvania, Eastern District, for further consid-
eration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 126, Misc. Walter Tull, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for
further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 219, Misc. Howard Virgil Lee Douglas, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Flor-
ida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372
U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 250, Misc. Felix Marvin Jordan, petitioner, v. M. J. Wiman,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Alabama for further consideration
in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 516, Misc. Marvin Doughty, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Ohio for further consideration in light of
Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 522, Misc. Ernest Frank Hartsfield, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida
for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S.
335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 575, Misc. George Albert Watt, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
281
No. 771, Misc. Milton Arnold, petitioner, v. Director, Florida Di-
vision of Corrections. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for further consideration.
in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 797, Misc. William B. Tiller, petitioner, v. California et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, for further consideration in
light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons
stated in their opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 896, Misc. Charles C. Patterson et al., appellants, v. Newport
News Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 983, Misc. Charles C. Patterson, appellant, v. City of Newport
News. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. The motion of the State of Illinois for leave to intervene is
denied.
No. 529. United States, petitioner, v. Carlo Bianchi and Company,
Inc. The motion of The Bar Association of the District of Columbia
for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 883. Statni Banka Ceskoslovenska, petitioner, v. Edwin B.
Wolchok, as Receiver of Zivnostenska Banka. In this case the So-
licitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the
United States.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 887. William L. Greene, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted.
No. 790. United States, petitioner, v. Louis T. Merz et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
282
No. 850. 2,872.88 Acres of Land, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 873. National Equipment Rental, Ltd., petitioner, v. Steve
Szukhent et al. The motion of Bankers Trust Co., et al. for leave to
file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 882. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to Question
1 presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"Whether the provision of § 241(a) (4) of the Immigration and
Nationality Act of 1952 for deportation of an 'alien *** who at any
time after entry is convicted of two crimes' applies to an individual
who was a naturalized citizen when convicted."
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 744. Harrisburg Daily Market, Inc., petitioner, v. Orville L.
Freeman, Secretary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied.
No. 795. American Institute for Economic Research, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 841. Pasquale Fiumara, petitioner, v. Texaco, Inc., et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 884. Helbros Watch Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 885. John E. Parks, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 886. South Atlantic & Gulf Coast District of the International
Longshoremen's Association Independent, et al., petitioners, v. Harris
County-Houston Ship Channel Navigation District. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, First Su-
preme Judicial District, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
283
No. 889. Ruth Bristow Maloy, petitioner, v. James H. Bristow et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 891. Angus M. MacNeil, petitioner, v. State Realty Company
of Boston, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Land Court of
Massachusetts denied.
No. 892. The O'Day Corporation, petitioner, v. Talman Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 894. Toffenetti Restaurant Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 897. Carmine Li Greci, petitioner, v. Greene, Tweed & Com-
pany, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 899. Association of Maximum Service Telecasters, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Federal Communications Commission et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 845. Yogurt Master, Inc., petitioner, v. W. Willard Wirtz, Sec-
retary of Labor, United States Department of Labor. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
No. 855. Maurice Sigler, Warden, Louisiana State Penitentiary, et
al., petitioners, v. United States ex rel. Emile Weston, Jr. The motion
of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Fred R. Dickson, Warden, petitioner, v. Charles Earl Bru-
baker. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 898. Wilfred Denno, Warden of Sing Sing State Prison, peti-
tioner, v. Francis Henry Bloeth. The motion of respondent for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 29, Misc. Howard Allen, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 451, Misc. Alfonso Cosen, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
284
No. 495, Misc. Nathaniel Richard Johnson, petitioner, v. Califor-
nia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 713, Misc. Melanie Kallos, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 736, Misc. William Dave Farrior, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 740, Misc. Morris Joseph, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 753, Misc. William Thomas Johnson, petitioner, v. Dr. Rus-
sell O. Settle, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 767, Misc. William Ernest Jenkins, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 803, Misc. Leroy Stocks, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 857, Misc. Thomas O. Spampinato, petitioner, v. City of New
York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 865, Misc. Jasper Smallwood, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 888, Misc. George Diblin, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 890, Misc. Hollis Hines, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Baltimore City Court
of Baltimore, Maryland, denied.
No. 909, Misc. Carl Hamby, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 935, Misc. Curtis White, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 938, Misc. Joseph Weaver, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
285
No. 940, Misc. Clarence C. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 955, Misc. William A. Tarpley, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 968, Misc. Fred R. Jones, petitioner, v. David N. Myers, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 1015, Misc. In the Matter of Charles Henry Snebold, peti-
tioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cal-
ifornia denied.
No. 1022, Misc. William Taylor, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 1046, Misc. George W. Washington, petitioner, v. Paul F.
Pegelow. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 796, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 779, Misc. Richard Eugene Sires, petitioner, v. Supreme
Court of Washington; and
No. 1185, Misc. John C. Fulford, petitioner, v. B. K. Roberts,
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Florida, et al. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 743. Nicholas A. Stirone, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for rehearing or in the alternative motion to remand denied.
No. 755, Misc. Victor Sharrow, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 557, Misc. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1963
RECESS ORDER
286
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 29, 1963, until
Monday, May 13, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 509. Elijah Reed, petitioner, v. Steamship Yaka, etc., et al.
Argued by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner and by Mr.
T. E. Byrne, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 506. United States, appellant, v. Jerry Braverman. Leave
granted Frank I. Goodman to appear and present oral argument
for the appellant, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Ralph Spritzer.
Argued by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the appellant, pro hac vice, by
special leave of Court. No appearance for the appellee.
No. 464. United States, petitioner, v. Carlos Muniz and Henry
Winston. Argument commenced by Mr. J. William Doolittle for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. John J. Abt and Mr. Richard D.
Friedman for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 23, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
464, 493, 480, 482, and 541.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1963
287
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edward D. Lewis, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Charles S. White, of
Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke; Richard B.
Warner, of Pittsfield, Mass., on motion of Mr. Silvio O. Conte; Peter
Lee Dye, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; John
Carey Trussell, of Lake Forest, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert McClory;
Clyde Clayton Blinn, of Minneapolis, Minn., and Roland D. Hart-
shorn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. J. William Doolittle;
Victor Shaw Evans, of Columbia, S.C., and Benjamin Oswald John-
son, of Spartanburg, S.C., on motion of Mr. Daniel R. McLeod;
James M. Roberts, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Edward J.
Hickey, Jr.; Richard Francis Ellis, of Wauwatosa, Wis., on motion
of Mr. David Oscar Williams, Jr.; James O. Cobb, Jr., of Charlotte,
N.C., and Frank A. Lyles, of Spartanburg, S.C., on motion of Mr.
William D. Donnelly; Frederick Thomas Shea, of New York, N.Y.,
and Theodore R. Iserman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Gerard D. Reilly; T. D. McDonald, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Martin S. Goldberg; and Barbara M. Simons, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Morton L. Simons, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 464. United States, petitioner, v. Carlos Muniz and Henry
Winston. Argument continued by Mr. Richard D. Friedman for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. J. William Doolittle for the
petitioner.
No. 493. Donald Wheeldin and Admiral Dawson, petitioners, v.
William Wheeler. Argued by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioners
and by Mr. Alan S. Rosenthal for the respondent.
No. 480. Louis McNeese, Jr., a Minor, by Mabel McNeese, His
Mother and Next Friend, et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education
for Community Unit School District 187, Cahokia, Illinois, et al.
Argued by Mr. Raymond E. Harth for the petitioners and by Mr.
Howard Boman and Mr. Robert H. Reiter for the respondents.
Memoranda to come.
650278-63-79

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1963
288
No. 482. Local No. 207, International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural and Ornamental Iron Workers Union, et al., petitioners, v.
Jacob Perko. Argument commenced by Mr. David E. Feller for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 24, 1963, will be as follows:
Nos. 482, 541, 513, 526, 604, and 631.
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1963
289
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Hartley P. Kester, of Arco, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Frank Church;
Ted Gradon West, of Lenoir, N.C., on motion of Mr. Basil Lee
Whitener; Hugh L. Carey, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
William R. Foley; Marion Gillingham Truesdale, of Alexandria,
Va., George Roy Richards, of Midland, Mich., and Samuel Allcorn,
Jr., of Montclair, N.J., on motion of Mr. Robert Davis Powers, Jr.;
Robert Martin, of Washington, D.C., and Craig Mathews, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Marx Leva; Lorie M. Molnar, of
Canton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Noble McCartney; James Alan
Gammon, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dayton M. Her-
rington; Basil A. Paterson, of New York, N.Y., and Paul B. Zuber,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ambrose Shief, Jr.; Eugene
Green, of Youngstown, Ohio, and Paul E. Stevens, of Youngstown,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. David E. Feller; Roy N. Gruenburg, of War-
ren, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Harvey Shapiro,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Joseph Du Coeur; Frederick
William Glassberg, of New Rochelle, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leo
Weiss; Robert H. Mundheim, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
David L. Shapiro; and Joseph Garner Dail, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Donald W. Markham, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 482. Local No. 207, International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural and Ornamental Iron Workers Union, et al., petitioners, v. Jacob
Perko. Argument continued by Mr. David E. Feller for the peti-
tioners, by Mr. Martin S. Goldberg for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. David E. Feller for the petitioners.
No. 541. Local 100 of the United Association of Journeymen and
Apprentices, petitioner, v. H. N. Borden. Argued by Mr. L. N. D.
Wells, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert Weldon Smith for
the respondent.
No. 513. Willie Norvell, petitioner, v. Illinois. Argued by Mr.
Thomas P. Sullivan for the petitioner and by Mr. William C. Wines.
for the respondent.
650278-63--80

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1963
290
No. 526. Adell H. Sherbert, appellant, v. Charlie V. Verner et al.,
as Members of South Carolina Employment Security Commission and
Spartan Mills. Argued by Mr. William D. Donnelly for the appel-
lant and by Mr. Daniel R. McLeod for the appellees.
No. 604. Division 1287 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America, et al.,
appellants, v. Missouri. Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 25, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
604, 631, 438, and 476.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1963
291
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Gilbert E. Andrews, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Herbert Lee Caplan, of
Chicago, Ill., Alfred G. Kaufman, Jr., of Douglas, Wyo., and Har-
old Leverne Mai, of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Archibald Cox; Phil L. Hansen, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Warren
D. Allred, of Ogden, Utah, John L. Black, of Salt Lake City, Utah,
Sterling D. Colton, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Harvey C. Sweitzer,
of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Frank E. Moss; Bernard
William Minsky, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Leo B. Silverman, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Alvin B.
Zalla, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers;
George L. Lilley, of Evanston, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert Mc-
Clory; John F. Sisson, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William
C. Hart; William James Robinson, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Sam H. Crossland; Joseph Brill, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Jacob W. Friedman; Robert F. Reiser, of Manteno, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Rolland Lee Nutt; George J. Leibowitz, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Reilly; Joseph C. Johnston,
Jr., of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Philip R. Collins; Joseph
L. Ward, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr. Chester H. Smith;
Terrence Howard Benbow, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Allen T. Klots; Richard L. Newman, of New York, N.Y., and Frank
Emile Nattier, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph P.
Tumulty, Jr.; Orrin Millard Haugen, of Edina, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Clyde C. Blinn; Jack Griffith Evans, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Norton J. Come; James P. Martin, of Evanston, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston; and Robert H. Davenport,
of Broomfield Heights, Colo., Freeman Douglas Marti, of Springfield,
Ill., James Bernard Flack, of Kansas City, Kans., Francis David
Menghini, of Kansas City, Kans., Sherman Davison, of Arlington,
Mass., Wellington H. Law, of Minneapolis, Minn., Harlan G. Sween,
of Minneapolis, Minn., Max H. Bergman, of Kansas City, Mo., Rich-
ard Milton Erickson, of Kansas City, Mo., Kenneth I. Fligg, Jr., of
Kansas City, Mo., Patrick E. Hartigan, of Kansas City, Mo., Herbert
Horowitz, of Kansas City, Mo., Douglas Houston, of Kansas City,
650278-63- -81
1
и
!་
Fi

THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1963
292
Mo., Alfred H. Osborne, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., Joseph Polack, of
Omaha, Nebr., Robert Millard Dixon, of Cleveland, Ohio, James C.
Hubbard, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio, John J. Mayar, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Samuel Sonenfield, of Westlake, Ohio, Ismael Cardona, of San Juan,
P.R., Eduardo Alvarez De La Vega, of San Juan, P.R., Hector Cor-
dero-Vega, of San Juan, P.R., Thaddeus Mitchell Wynn, Jr., of Se-
vierville, Tenn., Homer Kent Presson, of Falls Church, Va., Ernest
Arnold Bentley, Jr., of Spokane, Wash., Daniel Peter Brink, of Seat-
tle, Wash., Hugh Richard McGough, of Seattle, Wash., Robert John
McKanna, of Spokane, Wash., Norman Hugh McNeil, of Bellevue,
Wash., Laird Burt Peterson, of Seattle, Wash., Jerome Shulkin, of
Mercer Island, Wash., Samuel Joseph Steiner, of Seattle, Wash.,
Richard M. Thatcher, of Seattle, Wash., Lawrence W. Wanichek, of
Seattle, Wash., and Robert Curtis Wetherholt, of Seattle, Wash., on
motion of Mr. William E. O'Donovan, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 604. Division 1287 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America, et al.,
appellants, v. Missouri. Argument continued by Mr. Bernard Dunau
for the appellants and concluded by Mr. Joseph Nessenfeld for the
appellee.
No. 631. Alvin R. Campbell et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Melvin S. Louison and Mr. Lawrence F. O'Donnell
for the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the re-
spondent.
No. 438. United States, appellant, v. The Singer Manufacturing
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for
the appellant and continued by Mr. Arthur E. Pettit for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, April 29, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 29, 1963, will be as follows: Nos.
438, 476, 529, 630, and 667.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
293
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Sidney J. Sexner, of Chicago, Ill., Stephen Edward Kaufman, of
New York, N.Y., Candido Herbert Lucero, of Riverton, Wyo.,
Howard W. Amos, of Columbus, Ohio, Roland Root Speers II, of
Pomona, Calif., Solomon Lubin, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa., K. Bruce
Friedman, of San Francisco, Calif., Floyd H. Abramson, of Chicago,
Ill., James L. South, of Denver, Colo., Aaron Morton, of New York,
N.Y., Arthur C. Kellman, of New York, N.Y., Richard C. Addison,
of Columbus, Ohio, Ralph G. Smith, of Columbus, Ohio, Newman
Manly Yeilding, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., Wilbur Charles Delp, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill., Billy R. Pesnell, of Shreveport, La., William L.
Allen, Jr., of Syracuse, N.Y., Edward W. Beglin, Jr., of Plainfield,
N.J., Kimon S. Zachos, of Manchester, N.H., Pasco Middleton
Bowman II, of New York, N.Y., Theodore Richard Brown, of New
York, N.Y., Donald H. Elliott, of New York, N.Y., Gerald N.
Jacobowitz, of Walden, N.Y., Jack L. Kellogg, of New York, N.Y.,
Edwin A. Kilburn, of New York, N.Y., Arthur J. Mahon, of New
York, N.Y., Harlan Wyatt Murray, of New York, N.Y., Joe B.
Munk, of Binghamton, N.Y., Patrick Michael Wall, of New York,
N.Y., David T. Washburn, of New York, N.Y., Herbert Lee Hyde,
of Asheville, N.C., David Locke Pennington, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
Thomas M. Rutter, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., John Lawrence Hargrove,
of Brownwood, Tex., Clifford Wadsworth Starrett, of Morristown,
N.J., Daniel G. Collins, of New York, N.Y., Anthony J. Iannarone,
of Nutley, N.J., Harry Chashin, of Bayonne, N.J., Robert P. Swartz,
of Bergenfield, N.J., Arnold L. Bloom, of Clifton, N.J., Kenneth H.
Brookman, of Clinton, N.J., Theodore Charney, of Clifton, N.J.,
Peter Ciolino, of Clifton, N.J., Fred J. Friend, of Clifton, N.J.,
Harvey Goldberg, of Clifton, N.J., Leon Klein, of Clifton, N.J.,
Nicholas G. Mandak, of Clifton, N.J., Ralph V. Martin, of Clifton,
N.J., Joseph E. Nouhan, of Clifton, N.J., Albert A. Pison, of Clifton,
N.J., John F. Quinn, of Clifton, N.J., Louis J. Razen, of Clifton, N.J.,
Martin A. Rieschl, Jr., of Clifton, N.J., Philip Rubin, of Clifton, N.J.,
Louis Wasserstrum, of Clifton, N.J., Lester P. Dubow, of Fair Lawn,
N.J., Manuel Korn, of Fair Lawn, N.J., Morton Hirschklau, of Fair
650278-63- -82

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
294
Lawn, N.J., Arthur Minuskin, of Fair Lawn, N.J., Abram H. Simon,
of Fair Lawn, N.J., Robert Walter, of Fair Lawn, N.J., Nathan A.
Reuben, of Florham Park, N.J., Robert P. Alliegro, of Hawthorne,
N.J., Peter Calcia, of Hawthorne, N.J., John F. Geaney, Jr., of
Hawthorne, N.J., John G. D'Angelo, of Kinnelon, N.J., Gordon L.
Kent, of Little Falls, N.J., Ralph A. Nuzzo, of Little Falls, N.J.,
Jules V. Stark, of Maplewood, N.J., Louis Adler, of Passaic, N.J.,
Harold Breslow, of Passaic, N.J., Albert K. Condit, of Passaic, N.J.,
Bernard Feinberg, of Passaic, N.J., Dominick Giordano, of Passaic,
N.J., Louis E. Janofsky, of Passaic, N.J., Harry Kempelman, of
Passaic, N.J., Harold B. Kaplan, of Passaic, N.J., Herbert C. Klein,
of Passaic, N.J., Martin Klughaupt, of Passaic, N.J., Robert M.
Kronman, of Passaic, N.J., Louis L. Leibowitz, of Passaic, N.J.,
Harold S. Packer, of Passaic, N.J., Herman Bernard Packer, of
Passaic, N.J., Saul Peres, of Passaic, N.J., Harry Pett, of Passaic,
N.J., Morris B. Ploshnick, of Passaic, N.J., J. Bernard Saltzman, of
Passaic, N.J., Emanuel C. Schablik, of Passaic, N.J., Robert Boyle
III, of Paterson, N.J., Diminic Cavaliere, of Paterson, N.J., Hillard
Chapnick, of Paterson, N.J., Frank J. Davies, Jr., of Paterson, N.J.,
William A. De Mayo, of Paterson, N.J., Lawrence Diamond, of
Paterson, N.J., James M. Dunn, of Paterson, N.J., Maurice D. Emont,
of Paterson, N.J., Charles C. Festa, Jr., of Paterson, N.J., Leonard I.
Garth, of Paterson, N.J., John J. Gavenda, of Paterson, N.J., Jacob
G. Goldfarb, of Paterson, N.J., Joseph D. J. Gourley, of Paterson,
N.J., George J. Hajjar, of Paterson, N.J., William F. Hinchliffe, of
Paterson, N.J., Theodore Hinton, of Paterson, N.J., Reginald F.
Hopkinson, of Paterson, N.J., Herbert Katz, of Paterson, N.J., Wm.
B. Kaufman, of Paterson, N.J., Bernard M. Kimmel, of Paterson,
N.J., A. Victor Koch, of Paterson, N.J., Martin Krugman, of Paterson,
N.J., Joseph A. LaCava, of Paterson, N.J., Bruno L. Leopizzi, of
Paterson, N.J., Louis E. Mainardi, of Paterson, N.J., Andrew
Mainardi, of Paterson, N.J., Andrew Mainardi, Jr., of Paterson, N.J.,
Andrew Marchisen, of Paterson, N.J., Vincent N. Marino, of Paterson,
N.J., Murray R. Miller, of Paterson, N.J., Herman H. Moskowitz, of
Paterson, N.J., Irving J. Nochimson, of Paterson, N.J., Edwin J.
Nyklewicz, of Paterson, N.J., Anna E. Perle-Silik, of Paterson, N.J.,
Anthony Polizzotti, of Paterson, N.J., Henry Riccobene, of Paterson,
N.J., Nathan Robins, of Paterson, N.J., Newton M. Roemer, of
Paterson, N.J., Benjamin A. Rothstein, of Paterson, N.J., Maurice
Sanders, of Paterson, N.J., Frank J. Sciro, of Paterson, N.J., Ben S.
Shipman, of Paterson, N.J., Isadore Silik, of Paterson, N.J.,
Goodman Singer, of Paterson, N.J., Arnold M. Smith, of Paterson,
N.J., Isadore Smith, of Paterson, N.J., Benjamin J. Spitz, of
Paterson, N.J., Frank Sproviere, of Paterson, N.J., Herman W.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
295
Steinberg, of Paterson, N.J., Anthony P. Tirinato, of Paterson, N.J.,
Herbert A. Vogel, of Paterson, N.J., I. Arthur Weiss, of Paterson,
N.J., Samuel S. Nochimson, of Pompton Lakes, N.J., Frank
Scangarella, of Pompton Plains, N.J., Thomas F. Foley, of Ridge-
wood, N.J., Paul C. Cavaliere, Jr., of Wayne, N.J., Charles De
Walsche, of Wayne, N.J., Burrell Ives Humphreys, of Wayne, N.J.,
John Leslie Miller, of Wayne, N.J., Anthony J. Orrico, of Wayne,
N.J., George W. Rowinski, of Wayne, N.J., William W. Evans, Jr.,
of Wyckoff, N.J., Raymond H. Branda, of New York, N.Y., and
Rueben Appet, of Caldwell, N.J., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; Dennis E. Haggerty, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
Anthony W. Novasitis, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., and Francis P.
Cadran, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh D. Scott, Jr.;
Hans W. Johnson, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon Allott;
Fred H. Sievert, Jr., of Lake Charles, La., and Frank T. Salter, Jr.,
of Lake Charles, La., on motion of Mr. Gillis W. Long; Jerome M.
Dachman, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William E. Minshall;
Wales H. Madden, Jr., of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Graham
Purcell; Phil M. Landrum, of Jasper, Ga., on motion of Mr. John
James Flynt, Jr.; Francis S. Lorenz, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Edward R. Finnegan; Hugh Dorsey Sosebee, of Forsyth, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. John W. Davis; Chas. F. Williams, of Kansas City,
Kans., and Robert D. Hovey, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Robert F. Ellsworth; Clarence W. Archibold, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
William J. Garry, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Albert W. Lian, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., John A. Maguire, Jr., of Brooklyn, N.Y., Francis E. Maher, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Anthony J. Pirrotti, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Nicholas L.
Savino, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Santo R. Sgarlato, Jr., of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
and Arthur O. Spagna, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Hugh L.
Carey; Fred Blanton, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
Mortimer M. Caplin; G. Garland Lyell, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., on
motion of Mr. William E. Cresswell; D. Cameron Murchison, of
Alexandria, La., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Ralph N.
Strayhorn, of Durham, N.C., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr.;
John Peter Corn, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. John
Patrick Baker; George V. Gardner, of Washington, D.C., Martin G.
Hendricks, of Washington, D.C., Charles L. Solomon, of Baltimore,
Md., George S. Krug, of Ellicott City, Md., Louis Rogers, of Silver
Spring, Md., Benjamin L. Candell, of Elkins Park, Pa., and George
H. Cohen, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester;
Jack G. Stein, of Chicago, Ill., Bernard Gene Winsberg, of Chicago,
Ill., Anthony Dominick Andora, of East Paterson, N.J., Joseph B.
McFeely, of Hoboken, N.J., Joseph Leonard Hornstein, of Jersey City,
N.J., Joseph Thomas Ryan, of Jersey City, N.J., Henry van Dam, of

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
296
Madison, N.J., Wallace W. Barnes, of Summit, N.J., Richard Wallace
McAtamney, of Bronxville, N.Y., Sam Blecher, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Frank James Brasco, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Martin M. Arlook, of
New York, N.Y., Joseph R. Conte, of New York, N.Y., Richard
Martin Estes, of New York, N.Y., Phyllis L. Propp Fowle, of New
York, N.Y., Raymond Bernhard Grunewald, of New York, N.Y.,
Louis Hering, of New York, N.Y., Emanuel Kessler, of New York,
N.Y., James H. Killian, of New York, N.Y., Marvin Levine, of New
York, N.Y., Milton Norman, of New York, N.Y., Matthew M.
Santirocco, of New York, N.Y., Harry Unger, Jr., of New York, N.Y.,
Raymond A. Waldman, of New York, N.Y., Eugene Wollan, of New
York, N.Y., Peter J. Reilly, of Pleasantville, N.Y., Charles
Zalaznick, of Scarsdale, N.Y., Ira S. Taub, of Staten Island, N.Y.,
Thomas J. Newman, of Suffern, N.Y., Lloyd S. Greenidge, of White
Plains, N.Y., and William A. Tauber, of Yonkers, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. William E. O'Donovan; and Vincent B. Lewin, of Bayside, N.Y.,
Martin Kaplan, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Milton E. Jacobowitz, of Far
Rockaway, N.Y., William E. DeBevoise, of Floral Park, N.Y.,
Gerald H. Murphy, of Flushing, N.Y., Henry T. Schwaeber, of
Flushing, N.Y., Thomas Brian O'Connell, of Forest Hills, N.Y.,
Edward Martin Wise, of Forest Hills, N.Y., Samuel Robert Kroll,
of Freeport, N.Y., Cleo A. Gubitosi, of Glendale, N.Y., Leonard
Bailin, of Great Neck, N.Y., Francis T. Sullivan, of Jackson Heights,
N.Y., Joel L. Cohen, of Jamaica, N.Y., Leonard Cooper, of Jamaica,
N.Y., Oliver Shaevitz, of Jamaica, N.Y., Jerome J. Feiner, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Julius L. Fried, of Jamaica, N.Y., Edwin Gold, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Michael J. Lazar, of Jamaica, N.Y., Joseph F. Lee, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Aaron P. Metzger, of Jamaica, N.Y., John R.
Monaghan, Jr., of Jamaica, N.Y., Joseph Pack, of Jamaica, N.Y.,
Thomas Anthony Panebianco, of Jamaica, N.Y., Marvin Rachlin, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Morris Schonbrun, of Jamaica, N.Y., Saul Weprin, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Irving William Fein, of Kew Gardens, N.Y., Leonard
Murray Karmel, of Long Island City, N.Y., John G. Aicher, of New
York, N.Y., Harry Issler, of New York, N.Y., Philip J. Lavin, of
New York, N.Y., Harris Schoenfeld, of New York, N.Y., Michael P.
Schoenfeld, of New York, N.Y., Edward J. Weber, Jr., of New York,
N.Y., Victor Zager, of New York, N.Y., Donald La Pasta, of Queens
Village, N.Y., Ralph G. La Pasta, of Queens Village, N.Y., Murray
Abrams, of Rego Park, N.Y., Philip Golden, of Richmond Hill, N.Y.,
Fred T. Santucci, of Richmond Hill, N.Y., Rosemary R. Gunning,
of Ridgewood, N.Y., Isaac S. Canetti, of Rosedale, N.Y., Gerald H.
Green, of Woodhaven, N.Y., and Edward A. Siragusa, of Woodhaven,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Louis Clemente; Robert Kapusta, of Milford,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; Terence N. Hickey, of

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
297
Hayward, Wisc., and John Doar, of New Richmond, Wisc., on motion
of Mr. Burke Marshall; Donald MacMillan Haskell, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Sommers Terry Brown; Frank Norton, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Herzel H. E. Plaine; Ginoris Vizcarra-
Castellon, of Santurce, P.R., on motion of Mr. A. Kenneth Pye; John
F. McGowan, of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Michael F.
Keogh; George Andrew Hough, Jr., of Seattle, Wash., on motion of
Mr. Ottmar A. Neumann; Norman Segal, of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. A. Leon Higginbotham; Edward Malcolm Taylor,
of North Bergen, N.J., on motion of Mr. Gerald Morgan; L. Bruce
Fryburger, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. I. Morton Leavitt;
John A. Bachl, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Wallace T.
Ward; Aaron Willner, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William
Willner; Keith Masters, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Perry S.
Patterson; William A. Lane, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Mac
Asbill, Jr.; James A. Sullivan, of Hermosa Beach, Calif., on motion
of Mr. William H. Dorsey, Jr.; David M. Schimmel, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry G. Manne; Harry David Lavery, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Willan; James S. Greene,
Jr., of Harlan, Ky., and Logan E. Patterson, of Pineville, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Saul A. Seder, of Worcester, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. David L. Rose; and Steven I. Victor, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur D. Sparks, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 240. Andre Maximov, etc., petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
No. 94. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., petitioners, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment.
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dis-
sents. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr.
Justice Douglas joins.
No. 202. Charles Edwards Sanders, petitioner, v. United States.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California for a
hearing consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Mr. Justice White concurs in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins.
No. 12, Original. State of Hawaii, plaintiff, v. Kermit Gordon.
On bill of complaint. The complaint is dismissed. Opinion per
650278-63-83

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
298
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 600. Robert Galloway White, petitioner, v. Maryland. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Judgments
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Maryland for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 715. Ford T. Johnson, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 775. A. L. Kornman Company, appellant, v. David M. Pack,
Commissioner of Highways, State of Tennessee. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle Division. The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 878. Harold C. Foreman et ux., appellants, v. City of Bellefon-
taine Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Logan County.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 164. Nico Jacobellis, appellant, v. Ohio. This case is restored
for reargument on the summary calendar and is set for hearing imme-
diately following No. 812.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 907. Richard S. Simpson, petitioner, v. Union Oil Company of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 812. Bradley Reed Smith, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Los Angeles, granted and case placed
on the summary calendar.
1
1
1:

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
299
No. 903. United States, petitioner, v. Kenneth Leroy Behrens. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
It is set for hearing immediately following No. 569.
No. 783, Misc. Zebedee Hardy, petitioner, v. United States. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and to supplement the
petition are granted. Petition for writ of ceriorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 821. Badger Meter Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
James B. Brennan, United States Attorney, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 863. Magnus, Mabee & Reynard, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 900. Lee Henslee, Superintendent, Arkansas State Peniten-
tiary, petitioner, v. Clarence Stewart, Jr. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 901. Adela Vachier, petitioner, v. McCormick, Alcaide & Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico
denied.
No. 902. Heyman Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. HAP
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 911. Millpax, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 914. Louis C. Viale et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 915. Joseph Harris et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 916. Watkins Products, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. Sunway Fruit
Products, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 917. Frank Strangway, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
300
No. 918. Partenweederei et al., petitioners, v. Brady-Hamilton
Stevedore Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 919. David W. Purnell, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 832. Beatrice Foods Co., petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 906. David Atlas, petitioner, v. Eastern Airlines, Incorporated,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted because of the denial of a
jury trial.
No. 531, Misc. Andrew Jackson Shannon, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 631, Misc. Burton Weinstein, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 666, Misc. Welton Hamrick, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 695, Misc. Lawrence Trumblay, petitioner, v. Olin G. Black-
well, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 980, Misc. Frank Egitto, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 849, Misc. Sam S. Scribner, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California de-
nied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision
of this petition.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 34. William Douglas and Bennie Will Meyes, petitioners, v.
California; and
No. 774, Misc. Shelley R. Cothran, petitioner, v. San Jose Water
Works. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 533. Edythe Rice Dyer, petitioner, v. Edward P. Murray, etc.,
et al. Motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing denied.
No. 563. Honorable Stephen S. Chandler, United States District
Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Occidental
1

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1963
301
Petroleum Corporation. The motion of Earl A. Brown et al., for
leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, in support of petition for rehear-
ing is granted. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan
and Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision
of this motion and petition.
No. 817. Frances O. Warriner, petitioner, v. Harry Fink et al. The
motion to dispense with printing the petition for rehearing is granted.
Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the calendar, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ments in the cases listed for hearing this week.
RECESS ORDER
The order as to sessions entered April 22, 1963, is amended to pro-
vide that the Court will take a recess upon the conclusion of the argu-
ments in the cases listed for hearing on Monday, April 29, 1963, until
Monday, May 13, 1963.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 438. United States, appellant, v. The Singer Manufacturing
Company. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur E. Pettit for the
appellee and concluded by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the appellant.
No. 476. Benjamin Braunstein et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Louis Eisenstein for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the respondent.
No. 529. United States, petitioner, v. Carlo Bianchi and Company,
Inc. Argued by Mr. David L. Rose for the petitioner and by Mr.
William H. Matthews for the respondent.
No. 630. Wilbert Rideau, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Argued by Mr.
Fred H. Sievert, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Frank T. Salter,
Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 30, 1963, will be as follows: No.
667.

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1963
302
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Donald V. Yarborough, of Dallas, Tex., G. Paul Kirton, of Mexia,
Tex., and Ross Thomson Gault, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Ralph W. Yarborough; John Foster Sheffield, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and George Charles Martinez, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Bernard Rowitz; Tom Fairfield Brown, of Tampa, Fla., and
Robert Paul, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Thomas Bennett
DeWolf; Eric Stevenson, of Stonington, Conn., on motion of Mr.
William H. Greer, Jr.; George Nelson Heil, Jr., of Evanston, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Robert Emmett Richardson, of
Ottawa, Ill., on motion of Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; and Lester A.
Reynolds, of Norman, Okla., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee Bailey,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 667. William Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Mississippi. Argued by
Mr. Morris B. Abram for the petitioner and by Mr. G. Garland
Lyell, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 13, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
✓
650278-63--84

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
303
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Ralph H. Bearden, Jr., of Miami, Fla., J. Paul Boutwell, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Herbert L. Chabot, of Silver Spring, Md., Michael E.
Crane, of Cedar Grove, N.J., J. Earl Epstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
James A. Gardner, Jr., of Fresno, Calif., Carl A. Harris, of Potomac,
Md., Clyde Herbert Haynes, of Elyria, Ohio, H. Edgar Lentz, of
Baltimore, Md., Thomas F. McBride, of Chevy Chase, Md., G. Curtis
Scarborough, of Baltimore, Md., and Frank G. Wittenberg of Larch-
mont, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Richard David Andrews, of Fresno, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas
H. Kuchel; Julian Herbert Hopkins, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of
Mr. Roman L. Hruska; Edward Newell Barrett, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Robert Jordan Wager, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. James C. Corman; Saul I. Ruman, of Hammond, Ind., and
Stanley A. Tweedle, of Hammond, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray J.
Madden; Joe Richard Pool, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Albert
B. Luckey, Jr.; John T. Amey, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Morris K. Udall; Gerard A. Serritella, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Roland Victor Libonati; L. Keith Borgerson, of Flint, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Charles E. Chamberlain; James B. Stanley, of
Kalamazoo, Mich., on motion of Mr. George Meader; Brian Joseph
Connell, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Montoya;
F. J. Winzer, of Houston, Tex., and Jeanne Elizabeth Winzer, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Stephen B. Le-
mann of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Dean G. Acheson; Mark
C. McClanahan, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. John W.
Cragun; Hammond Carl Woods, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Bruce M. Forrester; Alvin Neil Siegel, of Atlanta, Ga., and
Charles Longstreet Weltner, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John
W. Davis; Richard Stanley Harsh, of Arlington, Va., on motion of
Mr. Lewis Andrew Carroll; Joe K. Byrd, of Morganton, N.C., Robert
Bond Byrd, of Morganton, N.C., John H. McMurray, of Morganton,
N.C., Charles Dennis Dixon, of Hickory, N.C., Hurshell Halton
Keener, of Hickory, N.C., Bailey Patrick, of Hickory, N.C., Joe Park
Whitener of Hickory, N.C., Horace M. DuBose III, of Gastonia, N.C.,
Oscar Ferdinand Mason, Jr., of Gastonia, N.C., John Allen Wilkins,
650278-63-85

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
304
of Gastonia, N.C., L. H. Fountain, of Tarboro, N.C., Fred W. Harri-
son, of Kinston, N.C., Wade Bostic Matheny, of Forest City, N.C.,
W. Harold Mitchell, of Valdese, N.C., Henry L. Strickland of Char-
lotte, N.C., and Frank Hampton Watson, of Spruce Pine, N.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Basil Lee Whitener; Edwin Morton Levy, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Michael Gould; Stanley M. Estrow, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph L. Berlow; Horace E. Pascal, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John T. Casey; Alfred E. Hirsch,
Jr., of Summit, N.J., on motion of Mr. Hugh S. Wertz; Dermot Mi-
chael Owens, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Melvin Hirsh-
man; Richard F. Generelly, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Charles V. Shannon; George C. Fariss, of Nashville, Tenn., Charles
Galbreath, of Nashville, Tenn., Dan Garfinkle, of Nashville, Tenn., and
C. Allen High, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Milton Kramer;
John Leo Tierney, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Arthur J.
Schissel; Morris J. Kaplan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Vincent A. Klinfeld; John Peter Kohn, of Montgomery, Ala., on
motion of Mr. George Kaufmann; James Virgil Bliss, of Dallas, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Benjamin Edward Pickering; Meyer Eisenberg, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., and Arthur Fleischer, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. William L. Cary; Thomas Dunn Finney, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., and John Hurford Sharon, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Clark M. Clifford; Richard Conrad Whittenberger,
Sr., of Springfield, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester; Erwin
Alexander Alpern, of Washington, D.C., and Karl George Feissner,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Edwin A. Mooers; Stuart
Richard Reichart, of New York, N.Y., Joseph Callahan Brady, of
San Antonio, Tex., and John Carroll Gabbert, of Waco, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Cooley C. Berry; Charles Wm. Lavers, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. G. Bowdoin Craighill; L. Garland Wells,
of Portsmouth, Va., on motion of Mr. William O. Turney; Robert O.
Kleefeld, of New York, N.Y., and Jerome A. Perles, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Murry I. Cohen; Andrew J. Weisz, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., John Rains Calhoun, of Long Beach, Calif., Carl
Thomas Zeiger, of Long Beach, Calif., Barton Adam Goldman, of
Los Angeles, Calif., Franklin Marks Kaye, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
David Paul Yaffe, of Los Angeles, Calif., David Wesley Fleming, of
Van Nuys, Calif., Wallace Watson Orr, of Woodland Hills, Calif.,
Raymond Ellsworth Sutton, of Las Vegas, Nev., and Winfred R.
Mundle, Sr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William E.
O'Donovan; Norman G. Rudman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Mortimer Kollender; Francis Albin Kocourek, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Charles Gordon; John P. Schofield, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Nicholas F. Lopes; Richard Fick Pur-

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
305
cell, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Nicholas J. Chase, Basil
Jerome Boritzki, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas Henry
Williams; Calvin Robinson, of Lowell, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Daniel T. Coughlin; and Harry D. Ambrose, Jr., of Camden, N.J.,
Joseph E. Ross, of Brooklyn, N.Y., George Gilkey Abel III, of Media,
Pa., H. LeRoy Larner, of Philadelphia, Pa., Richard Royce Ransom,
of Philadelphia, Pa., David P. Trulli, of Philadelphia, Pa., Barry B.
Wohlman, of Philadelphia, Pa., Carroll Gerard Wille, of Rosemont,
Pa., and Richard M. Keiser, of Harlingen, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Robert Davis Powers, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 305. A. J. Whipple et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
1 Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals with directions to remand the case to the
United States Tax Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents.
No. 229. Federico Marin Gutierrez, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corp. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the District of Puerto
Rico for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan.
No. 288. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Erie Re-
sistor Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 134. David Namet, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 316. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, et al., petitioners, v. Anna
Mae Allen et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Mr. Justice Black, while adhering to the views he expressed in Inter-

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
306
national Assn. of Machinists v. Street, 367 U.S. 740, 780–797, concurs in
the judgment and opinion of this Court in this case because he believes
both are in accord with the holding and opinion of the Court in the
Street case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part and
dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 45. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of California,
et al.; and
No. 49. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of
California, et al., appellants, v. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers,
Inc., et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded for a new trial limited to appellants' claim in No. 45 that
the enforcement of Sec. 792 unreasonably burdens or discriminates
against interstate commerce. In the respect challenged by the cross-
appeal in No. 49, the judgment is affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Dissenting opinion in No. 45 by Mr. Justice White with
whom Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark
join.
No. 490. John L. Brady, petitioner, v. Maryland. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 140. Nathan Willner, petitioner, v. Committee on Character
and Fitness, etc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals of New York for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas an-
nounced by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice Stewart
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr.
Justice Clark joins.
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, appellant, v.
James S. Reily, Collector of Revenue, State of Louisiana. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Justice
Black joins.
No. 667. William Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Mississippi. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Writ dismissed as

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
307
improvidently granted without prejudice to an application for federal
habeas corpus relief under 28 U.S.C. § 2241 after exhaustion of any
state remedies still open to him. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 877. Edgar I. Shott, Jr., appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable juris-
diction should be noted.
No. 905. Edward Abernathy et al., appellants, v. Milton Carpen-
ter, Director of Revenue for the State of Missouri. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 949. Flora Construction Company, appellant, v. United States,
for the Use and Benefit of Grand Junction Steel Fabricating Co., et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Nevada. The motion to dispense with printing the jurisdictional
statement is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 975. Pearl Lee E. George et al., petitioners, v. Bryan Clem-
mons, Sheriff, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 59, Misc. Trent Boyes, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Western
District of Texas for further consideration in light of Sanders v.
United States, 373 U.S. 1. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Harlan would deny certiorari on the basis of their
dissent in Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S.-.
650278-68– -86
1
"

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
308
No. 494, Misc. Joseph Baker, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Western
District of Washington for further consideration in light of Sanders
v. United States, 373 U.S. 1. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Harlan would deny certiorari on the basis of their
dissent in Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S.—.
No. 689, Misc. Alvin Clark, appellant, v. Pennsylvania. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District. The
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 928, Misc. Darrell E. Copenhaver, appellant, v. John E.
Bennett, Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Iowa and
District Court of Lee County, Iowa. The appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 606. The New York Times Company, petitioner, v. L. B. Sul-
livan. The motion of Tribune Company for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 948. Samuel Dodd Williamson, petitioner, v. California. The
motion of American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 823. Southern Railway Company, appellant, v. North Caro-
lina et al.; and
No. 943. United States et al., appellants, v. North Carolina et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Middle District
of North Carolina. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The
cases are consolidated and a total of two hours is allotted for oral
argument.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 925. United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO, et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
14

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
309
No. 934. John Wiley & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. David Livingston,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 828. Henry A. Kuckenberg et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 874. Family Record Plan, Incorporated, (Dissolved), et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 890. Edward John Williams et al., petitioners, v. Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan.
denied.
No. 896. Frank Patzke, Jr., petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 912. General Electric Company et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic
City Electric Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 923. Sager Glove Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 927. Reginald G. Hearn et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Robert L. Strauss, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 929. G. Leblanc Corporation, petitioner, v. H. & A. Selmer,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 930. Clinton Kurck, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 932. Franklin W. Durgin et ux., petitioners, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 933. Art Johnston, petitioner, v. Hugh E. Earle et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
,
ושר

MONDAY, MAY 18, 1963
310
No. 938. John W. Pattno, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 939. The Ferber Company et al., petitioners, v. Theodore J.
Ondrick et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 940. L. Lloyd Crosby, petitioner, v. The Bradstreet Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 947. Arthur Burton, petitioner, v. C. E. Taylor, Sheriff, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 951. Jorge Americo Ungo, petitioner, v. Charles J. Beechie,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 952. Ohio ex rel. Samuel H. Sheppard, petitioner, v. Maury
Koblentz, Commissioner of Correction of the State of Ohio. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 953. James Norman Yeloushan, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 956. John G. MacMullen, petitioner, v. South Carolina Elec-
tric & Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 957. French Line, petitioner, v. The New Zealand Insurance
Company, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 959. Amor F. Pierce et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 961. W. Reuen Fisher, petitioner, v. North Branch Products,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 962. John N. Thompson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 963. George Pekar et al., Individually, etc., petitioners, v. Local
Union No. 181 of the International Union of United Brewery, Flour,
Cereal, Soft Drink and Distillery Workers of America, AFL-CIO, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
"

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
311
No. 964. Lawrence Capitol, Inc., petitioner, v. Stanley-Warner
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 965. M. A. Holahan, Trustee, petitioner, v. Ford, Bacon &
Davis, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 968. Milton Bradley Company et al., petitioners, v. The Gelles-
Widmer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 971. Robert A. Woodring, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 998. The Public Utilities Commission of the District of Colum-
bia et al., petitioners, v. Leonard N. Bebchick et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 861. Harrison-Halsted Community Group, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Housing and Home Finance Agency et al. The motion for
leave to file a supplement to the petition for certiorari is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 881. Federal Pacific Electric Company et al., petitioners, v.
City of Kansas City, Missouri. The motion of Union Electric Com-
pany for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 922. Harry J. Stadin, petitioner, v. Union Electric Company.
The motion to dispense with printing appendix to the petition for
certiorari is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 955. John J. Felice, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 958. Marcos Perez Jimenez, petitioner, v. Guy W. Hixon,
United States Marshal, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration.
or decision of this petition.
No. 65, Misc. Eugene S. Caplan, petitioner, v. Fred Korth, Sec-
retary of the Navy, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
1
I
'
1

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
312
No. 286, Misc. In the Matter of Gerald Pate, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 644, Misc. William Sherman Hamlett, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 674, Misc. John William McCree, petitioner, v. Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 677, Misc. Morris Joseph, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 692, Misc. Clifton L. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 693, Misc. Clifton L. Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707, Misc. Oliver Smith, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 720, Misc. Daniel Jackson Oliver Wendel Holmes Morgan,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 752, Misc. Thomas Lorenzo Williams, petitioner, v. Texas et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas denied.
No. 777, Misc. Dominic Sorrenti, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 838, Misc. Adam Amos Mack, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Lou-
isiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 844, Misc. Joseph F. Bent, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 855, Misc. Charles L. Mault, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 944, Misc. Ralph Keene, petitioner, v. William C. Holman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama denied.

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
313
No. 958, Misc. Paul Courter Holland, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Strawn, Sheriff, Coos County, Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 997, Misc. Fred Stein, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1052, Misc. David Tom, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1056, Misc. Charles McGregor, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1073, Misc. Joseph Marchese, petitioner, v. Robert E. Mur-
phy, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 1098, Misc. Raymond C. Marks, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1105, Misc. George Aiken, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1106, Misc. James H. Jobe, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 1110, Misc. Walter R. Lott, petitioner, v. First Judicial Dis-
trict Court, Santa Fe, New Mexico, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 1112, Misc. William Clyde Wright, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1124, Misc. Elwin Rudolph King, petitioner, v. Dr. George
J. Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 1126, Misc. Charles Lewis Aaron, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 1172, Misc. David Coleman, petitioner, v. Wilfred Denno,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1190, Misc. James Douglas Latham and George Ronald York,
petitioners, v. Kansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.

1
MONDAY, MAY 13, 1963
314
No. 1193, Misc. Jeannace June Freeman, petitioner, v. Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1153, Misc. Alfred Leonza Beard, petitioner, v. Walter Dun-
bar, Director, California Men's Colony, et al. Motion for leave to file
a petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1158, Misc. Haden Garfield Page, petitioner, v. Lamoyne
Green, Superintenden, Marion Correctional Institution, et al. Motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating
the paper submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1235, Misc. Ralph Keene, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Alabama. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 894. Toffenetti Restaurant Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 557. Flora Construction
Fund Insurance Company et al.
tition for rehearing granted.
Company, petitioner, v. Fireman's
Motion to dispense with printing pe-
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 685, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of California et al. Motion for leave to file a second pe-
tition for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 20, 1963.
Adjourned until Monday, May 20, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
315
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Helen B. Norem, of Syracuse, N.Y., Michael R. Canestrano, of
Syracuse, N.Y., John E. Glowacki, of Syracuse, N.Y., Joseph A.
Ryan, of North Syracuse, N.Y., and Melvin Morton Slotnick, of Syra-
cuse, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; James F. Curtin, of
Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Adolf D. Koch, of
Seattle, Wash., and Richard Theodore Olson, of Seattle, Wash., on
motion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; Emery Peter Johnson, of Tucson,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. John J. Rhodes; Thomas E. Lusk, of Carls-
bad, N. Mex., and John B. Walker, of Carlsbad, N. Mex., on motion
of Mr. Joe Richard Pool; Peter Corcoran, of Detroit, Mich., and
Thomas B. Joseph, of Saginaw, Mich., on motion of Mr. Russell James
Harvey; Charles L. Krueger, of Austin, Tex., and R. D. Lemon, of
Perryton, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter Rogers; Sterling F. Black, of
Los Alamos, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Walter R. Kegel; Donald Cohrt
Gearhart, of Los Angeles, Calif., Jose A. Gonzalez, Jr., of Fort Lauder-
dale, Fla., Martin S. Gerber, of Chicago, Ill., Clarence Franklin Bihy,
of Baltimore, Md., Robert George Quinn, Jr., of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
David Arthur Schmidt, of Maplewood, N.J., Michael Franck, of New
York, N.Y., John Gurnee Bonomi, of New York, N.Y., Ronald Eisen-
man, of New York, N.Y., and Neal Stark Thomas, of El Paso, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; John Willis Ball, of Jackson-
ville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill; Sidney Dorfman, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. E. K. Gubin; George T. Heffernan, of
El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Morton S. Jaffe; Edward R. Thorn-
ton, of Manchester, N.H., on motion of Mr. Austin Leonard Roberts,
Jr.; Harmon Duncombe, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Mar-
shall Hornblower; John William Coleman, of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mrs. Kelsey Mott; Ned Berry Stiles, of New York, N.Y.,
William L. Lynch, of New York, N.Y., Joseph Chase, of New York,
N.Y., Arthur Elfenbein, of New York, N.Y., George Weisz, of New
York, N.Y., James W. Lamberton, of New York, N.Y., Edward A.
Woolley, of New York, N.Y., and Melvin C. Steen, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Fowler Hamilton; Gerald Casper, of Com-
mack, N.Y., Arnold Chiet, of Commack, N.Y., John Wallace
Roberts, of Greenwich, Conn., Bernard John Daly, of Commack,
650278-68-87

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
316
N.Y., Bernard Sarisohn, of Commack, N.Y., Floyd Sarisohn,
of Commack, N.Y., Vincent V. Savoca, of Commack, N.Y.,
Joseph R. Mistretta, of Huntington, N.Y., Thomas V. Mallon, of
Kings Park, N.Y., William A. Cahill, of Northport, N.Y., Robert M.
Baum, of Smithtown, N.Y., and William D. Munro, of Smithtown,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank P. DeLuca; Robert Bleakley James,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., Daniel McClinton Curts, of Washington,
D.C., Clifford George Trott, of Washington, D.C., and Raymond
Alois Servais, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Edward Lee
Gilmore; Fred Grabowsky, of Washington, D.C., and H. Terry
Reiniche, of Johnson City, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Duane Leslie
Faw; Robert Welch Mullen, of New York, N.Y., and William Cor-
nelius McAuliffe, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Nacrelli; Ray G. Wilson, of Purcell, Okla., on motion of Mr. John
Wilson Ellis; John D. McComish, of San Francisco, Calif., and
Jalmer O. Rolfson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert F.
Milota; Donald A. Robinson, of Newark, N.J., and F. Earl Walter,
of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Bernard M. Shanley; Walter
Norman Foster, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edgar G.
Shelton, Jr.; Channing Leathers Richards, of Charlotte, N.C.,
on motion of Mr. David E. Varner; Ulrich V. Hoffmann, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Oral D. Ozment; Charles D.
Mahaffie, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Charles
Delahunt Mahaffie; Frederick Carl Heiken, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. John O. Dahlgren; Earle Schweizer, of
Takoma Park, Md., on motion of Mr. Paul D. Page, Jr.; Earl J.
McHugh, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Douglas Marvin
Clarkson; Edgar Poe Allen, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Smith W. Brookhart, Jr.; Earnest R. Taylor, of Morristown, Tenn.,
and William Howell Inman, of Morristown, Tenn., on motion of
Mr. James A. Bistline; David F. Doody, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Richard P. Schulze; Joseph Biafore, Jr., of Bridge-
port, Conn., George J. Ferrio, of Bridgeport, Conn., William Joseph
McGrath, of Bridgeport, Conn., Daniel V. McPadden, of Bridge-
port, Conn., Arlen David Nickowitz, of Bridgeport, Conn., Peter
Wilkinson, of Bridgeport, Conn., George Wolf, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
Philip Trager, of Fairfield, Conn., Emile W. Jacques, Jr., of Green-
wich, Conn., Henry W. Pascarella, of Greenwich, Conn., Stanley M.
Barall, of Hartford, Conn., John Arthur Berman, of Hartford, Conn.,
Philip M. Finkelstein, of Hartford, Conn., Maxwell Heiman, of Hart-
ford, Conn., Thomas Patrick Heslin, of Hartford, Conn., James J.
Kennelly, of Hartford, Conn., H. Martyn Owen, Jr., of Hartford,
Conn., Sanford Leon Rosenberg, of Hartford, Conn., Mark Charles
Yellin, of Hartford, Conn., Herbert Barall, of East Hartford, Conn.,
Albert Joseph Callahan, of West Hartford, Conn., Philip Allan Post,

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
317
of West Hartford, Conn., Colin C. Tait, of New Hartford, Conn.,
Harry N. Jackaway, of Kensington, Conn., Morton Harold Greenblatt,
of Meriden, Conn., Edward J. McCarthy, Jr., of Middlebury, Conn.,
Kevin T. Nixon, of Naugatuck, Conn., James Francis Dawson, of New
Britain, Conn., Henry John Gwiazda, of New Britain, Conn., Paul
Jude McQuillan, of New Britain, Conn., Jack H. Evans, of New
Haven, Conn., Paul Anthony Scholder, of New Haven, Conn., John
William Kline, of West Haven, Conn., Alfred W. Burkhart, of Nor-
walk, Conn., Arthur Harris Salvin, of Norwalk, Conn., John E.
Dowling, of Ridgefield, Conn., Herbert Hannabury, of Rockville,
Conn., Robert L. Baum, of Rockville, Conn., Leo B. Flaherty, Jr., of
Rockville, Conn., Charles M. Rice, of Simsbury, Conn., John C.
Macrides, of Stamford, Conn., Ronald M. Schwartz, of Stamford,
Conn., Donald F. Zezima, of Stamford, Conn., Edward Y. O'Connell,
of Stafford Springs, Conn., Ralph Gerald Murphy, of Torrington,
Conn., James Francis Henebry, of Waterbury, Conn., James R. Law-
lor, of Waterbury, Conn., John D. Mahaney, of Waterbury, Conn.,
James F. McGrath, of Waterbury, Conn., James Francis Meenan, of
Waterbury, Conn., Harry F. Spellman, of Waterbury, Conn., John A.
Villano, of Waterbury, Conn., Thomas John McMahon, of Westport,
Conn., Lee Burger Shilepsky, of Westport, Conn., George R. Olexo, of
Wilton, Conn., and S. William Bromson, of Windsor Locks, Conn., on
motion of Mrs. Thomas J. Dodd, Jr.; and Victor Friedman, of Bur-
lington, N.J., Sydney Scull Souter, of Lawrenceville, N.J., Hervey
S. Moore, Jr., of Princeton, N.J., Kester R. Pierson, of Princeton,
N.J., Henry M. Stratton II, of Princeton, N.J., Theodore T. Tams,
Jr., of Princeton, N.J., Edward J. Leadem, of Trenton, N.J., Martin
P. Devlin, Jr., of Trenton, N.J., Samuel Leventhal, of Trenton, N.J.,
Frank V. Walsh, Jr., of Trenton, N.J., Samuel D. Lenox, Jr., of
Trenton, N.J., Alan S. Lavine, of Trenton, N.J., Henry F. Satter-
thwaite, of Trenton, N.J., Arthur A. Salvatore, of Trenton, N.J.,
James J. McLaughlin, of Trenton, N.J., Joseph Markowitz, of Tren-
ton, N.J., Kenneth J. Dawes, Jr., of Trenton, N.J., Alfred Abbotts,
of Trenton, N.J., Anton J. Hollendonner, Jr., of Trenton, N.J.,
Eugene T. Urbaniak, of Trenton, N.J., Joseph T. Maloney, of Trenton,
N.J., Amel Stark, of Trenton, N.J., Harry R. Hill, Jr., of Trenton,
N.J., G. Henry Weston, of Trenton, N.J., Irving Friedman, of Tren-
ton, N.J., Harold D. Coleman, of Trenton, N.J., Mary Joan Dickson,
of Trenton, N.J., Samuel A. LaPaglia, of Trenton, N.J., Benjamin A.
Poreda, of Trenton, N.J., John S. Piersanti, of Trenton, N.J., George
Y. Schoch, of Trenton, N.J., Thomas J. McGann, of Trenton, N.J.,
Frank J. Kriesick, of Trenton, N.J., Jack H. Strausfogel, of Trenton,
N.J., Burton Peskin, of Trenton, N.J., Herbert F. Moore, of Trenton,
N.J., and Francis J. Strapp, of Trenton, N.J., on motion of Mr. Frank
Thompson, Jr., were admitted to practice.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
OPINIONS
318
No. 150. Harold J. Silver, d/b/a Municipal Securities Company,
et al., petitioners, v. New York Stock Exchange. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
1 Goldberg. Mr. Justice Clark concurs in the result on the grounds
stated in the opinion of the District Court, 196 F. Supp. 209, and
the dissenting opinion in the Court of Appeals, 302 F.2d 714. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Harlan
joins.
No. 491. Albert Andrews, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 494. Robert L. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment vacated and cases remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 72. Wisconsin et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission
et al.;
No. 73. California et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission
et al.; and
No. 74. Long Island Lighting Co., et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgments
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 97. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. Boston and Maine Railroad et al.;
No. 98. Maryland Port Authority et al., appellants, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al.; and
No. 99. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts. Judgment affirmed by an equally.
divided Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 71. James Richard Peterson et al., petitioners, v. City of Green-
ville. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Opinion by

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
319
Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in the result in No. 71 and dissenting
in whole or in part in Nos. 58, 66, 11, and 67, infra.
No. 66. James Gober et al., petitioners, v. City of Birmingham.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama. Judgments
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Alabama for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 67. F. L. Shuttlesworth et al., petitioners, v. City of Birming-
ham. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of
Alabama for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 11. John Thomas Avent et al., petitioners, v. North Carolina.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina for consideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 58. Rudolph Lombard et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 68. Nathaniel Wright et al., petitioners, v. Georgia. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Georgia for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally.”
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 879. Ship-By-Truck Co., Inc., etc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Kansas. The motions to affirm are granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 935. Atwood's Transport Lines, Inc., appellant, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia. The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 937. Illinois et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
650278-63-88

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
320
Illinois. The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 887, Misc. Samuel Richards, appellant, v. Pennsylvania.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District.
The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opin-
ion per curiam.
No. 975, Misc. Arthur Drexel, appellant, v. The Ohio Pardon and
Parole Commission. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Ohio. The appeal is dismissed. Opin-
ion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 26. William L. Griffin et al., petitioners, v. Maryland. This
case is restored to the calendar for reargument.
No. 1011. United States v. Ross R. Barnett et al. The motion of
Barnett et al. to advance is denied.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 942. United States, appellant, v. Wiesenfeld Warehouse Com-
pany. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Florida. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1024. Wilbur-Ellis Company et al., petitioners, v. Max K.
Kuther. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 967. John Sing et al., petitioners, v. Louie L. Wainwright, Di-
rector, Division of Corrections, Florida. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 970. Edward J. Brunenkant, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Cele-
brezze, Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 972. Paul Burke, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 974. Leo B. Mittelman, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
321
No. 976. Nolan Wayne Weeks, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 977. Mitsubishi International Corporation, petitioner, v.
Steamship "Palmetto State" et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 982, Sigurd N. Hersloff and Joseph J. Stern, Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 991. The Clifton Investment Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 994. Garfield Trust Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 995. William H. Wilson et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 997. Atlantic & Gulf Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. American
Export Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1001. National Starch Products, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States (Index Industrial Corp., Party in Interest). Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals denied.
No. 1007. John Arthur Luomola, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1036. Theodore Roosevelt Nealey and Inez Dankins, peti-
tioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Department of the Superior Court of California, County of Los
Angeles, denied.
No. 960. Joyce Farnady Lucas, petitioner, v. State Farm Mutual
Automobile Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 980. Flight Engineers' International Association, EAL Chap-
ter, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 986. Anthony Joseph Zambito, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
322
for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 144, Misc. Alex Junior Jackson, petitioner, v. Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 671, Misc. Guy O. Kessler, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 770, Misc. Harold Forte, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 860, Misc. Palmer Giles, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 882, Misc. Delbert Wayne Wells, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 907, Misc. Robert Ray "Bob" Stokes, petitioner, v. Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 912, Misc. Thomas James Dunn II, petitioner, v. Walter
Dunbar, Director of Corrections, Adult Authority, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 957, Misc. James E. Williams, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 959, Misc. Stanley Eugene Tranowski, petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County of Illinois denied.
No. 960, Misc. Alfred L. Reahm, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 961, Misc. William A. Garcia, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 972, Misc. Ernest Goodman, Sr., petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 973, Misc. Bernard Levy, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 976, Misc. Jack Wilkerson, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern
Division, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
323
No. 977, Misc. Eugene L. Sturges, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 987, Misc. Sigmund Zochowski, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 988, Misc. Robert Beauchamp, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 991, Misc. Woodrow W. Gainey, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 999, Misc. William Praylow, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1006, Misc. Ambrose Griffith, petitioner, v. William Harris
and Richard Minton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1014, Misc. Donald Wynn Johnson, petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Rock Island County of Illinois denied.
No. 1049, Misc. J. H. Hollis, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Direc-
tor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1054, Misc. John T. Glazewski, petitioner, v. New Jersey et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
⚫Jersey denied.
No. 1060, Misc. Alfred J. Leeper, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Pennsylvania, Western
District, denied.
No. 1078, Misc. Frank Buonpane, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1079, Misc. Lonnie Andrews, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1082, Misc. Edward J. Stephens, petitioner, v. Harry A.
LaBurt, M.D., Director, Creedmoor State Hospital. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.

ว
MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
324
No. 1096, Misc. Willie Alexander, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 1102, Misc. James William Harrison, petitioner, v. Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1109, Misc. Will Bowen, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1242, Misc. Nathaniel Gaines, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1035, Misc. William W. Stewart, petitioner, v. Michigan et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1044, Misc. Lion Manufacturing Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Matthew F. McGuire, Chief Judge, United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 70. Irving J. Wolf et al., petitioners, v. Arnold A. Weinstein
et al. . Petitions for rehearing of respondents Fried and Weinstein
denied.
No. 892, Misc. C. J. Williams, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden;
and
No. 896, Misc. Charles C. Patterson et al., appellants, v. Newport
News Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the Rules of this Court be amended by inserting
the following section after Rule 61:
"PART XII. APPLICATION OF TERMS
"62
"TERM 'STATE COURT' INCLUDES SUPREME COURT OF PUERTO RICO
"The term 'state court' when used in these rules includes the Su-
preme Court of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and references
in these rules to the law and statutes of a state include the law and
statutes of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico."
i

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1963
RECESS ORDER
325
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 27,
1963.
Adjourned until Monday, May 27, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
✓
N

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
326
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr.
Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Kenneth Patrick Glennon, of Buffalo, N.Y., David Harold Marlin,
of Ridgefield, Conn., Carl Eardley, of Washington, D.C., James
Mitchell Reese, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Alfred Aronovitz, of Miami,
Fla., Charles Louis Cohen, of Miami, Fla., Sampson Miller Culpepper,
of Macon, Ga., William James Wade, of Atlanta, Ga., William P.
Crewe, of Bethesda, Md., Paul Joseph Komives, of Detroit, Mich.,
Sanford Rosenthal, of Detroit, Mich., Thomas Francis Quinn, Jr., of
Detroit, Mich., J. Edmund de Castro, Jr., of Buffalo, N.Y., Arthur P.
Duffy, of Garden City, N.Y., Goodman A. Sarachan, of Rochester,
N.Y., John E. Sprizzo, of New York, N.Y., and Herbert S. Miller, of
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Robert B. Duncan, of Medford, Oreg., Roy James Birkmeyer, of
Amarillo, Tex., and Robert C. Bruce, of Waco, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Peter Echeverria, of Reno, Nev., on motion
of Mr. Alan Bible; E. Norman Veasey, of Wilmington, Del., W. Laird
Stabler, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., Hiram Wallingford Warder, of
Wilmington, Del., and Robert White Tunnell, of Georgetown, Del.,
on motion of Mr. James Caleb Boggs; M. Teitelbaum, of Dayton,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr.; John H. Boman, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Longstreet Weltner; John Neal
Cooley, of Hanford, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall; Warren
L. Johns, of Glendale, Calif., and John Richard Marcus, of Panorama
City, Calif., on motion of Mr. H. Allen Smith; Pearse O'Connor, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. William S. Moorhead; Wyatt J.
Baldwin, of Beaumont, Tex., Joe B. Goodwin, of Beaumont, Tex.,
George Buford, of Port Arthur, Tex., and Robert Lee Woods, of Mc-
Kinney, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark; Roscoe D.
Jones, Jr., of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol,
Jr.; William Ballard McElhenny, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; John B. Morey, of Waco, Tex., and C.
Douglas Ward, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter I. Horlick;
Eli Maurice Nefussy, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Thomas P. Kerester; William Emmet Zeiter, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; George B. Catlin, of Detroit,
650278-63-89

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
327
Mich., and Clyde T. Rollins, of Greensboro, N.C., on motion of Mr.
Alfred Miller; Lewis Kates, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Errol S. Willes,
of Fort Pierce, Fla., on motion of Mr. David Berger; Samuel Markel
Trivas, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles S. Sures; J.
Herbert Josephs, of Pine Beach, N.J., Arthur Kimmel, of Englewood,
N.J., Eugene Jume, of Lakewood, N.J., Bernard E. Ressner, of Lake-
wood, N.J., and Ruben D. Silverman, of Lakewood, N.J., on motion.
of Mr. Harold Lipsky; Ivan H. Smith, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion
of Mr. James E. Westbrook; Kenneth J. Dugan, of Albany, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Frank Flournoy Roberson; Garbis C. Jeknovorian, of
Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. George H. Cross; Wesley Gordon
Carey, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John H. Lewis, Jr.; Herman
I. Pollock, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles B. Murray;
Albert J. Walker, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. James J.
Sweeny; Vincent A. Theisen, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr.
Gordon W. Daisley; Harold Infield, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Donald R. Brenner; Leonard Abrams, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Sidney S. Sachs; Richard Glenn Stephens, of Binghamton,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Franklin David Wolffe; Harold Cohen, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Dorsey: J. Perry Lang-
ford, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. George Kaufmann; Wil-
liam M. Brady, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John Franklin
Fort; Robert James Panton, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Walter Franklin Norris; Ralph Norvell, of New York, N.Y., and
Bertel M. Sparks, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Lawrence P.
King; Oscar F. Irwin, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Gilbert
A. Cuneo; Gerald N. Mellman, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Warren G. Elliott; Irving J. Raley, of Arlington, Va., on motion of
Mr. Vernon V. Baker; Robert M. Byrn, of New York, N.Y., James
Denton McCauley, of New York, N.Y., Otis Pratt Pearsall, of New
York, N.Y., and Robert J. Sisk, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Powell Pierpoint; Archibald Lovett Morris, of Savannah, Ga., and
R. Basil Morris, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Linton M. Col-
lins; Russell R. Sage, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Donald
W. Markham; Edward W. Hughes, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Frank L. Neuhauser; Joseph Anthony Procaccino, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lawrence C. Moore; James Dollar
Baskin, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. William A. Good-
rich; Aribert L. Young, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Charles Stephen Leonard; John J. Donohue, of Amityville, N.Y.,
James Albert Gowan, of Bay Shore, N.Y., W. Patrick Hughes, of Bay
Shore, N.Y., John F. Middlemiss, Jr., of Bay Shore N.Y., Moses Nel-
son, of Bay Shore, N.Y., Richard F. Plotka, of Bay Shore, N.Y., Jack
Weiss, of Bay Shore, N.Y., Mortimer Cohen, of Babylon, N.Y., Irving

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
328
Like, of Babylon, N.Y., Aaron A. Linkin, of Babylon, N.Y., Irving
Kahn, of Belle Terre, N.Y., John F. Middlemiss, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Arthur J. Abrams, of Commack, N.Y., Howard E. Pachman, of Com-
mack, N.Y., John Braslow, of Deer Park, N.Y., Arthur L. Canner, of
East Islip, N.Y., Joseph F. O'Neill, of West Islip, N.Y., Roy J. Litwin,
of Great River, N.Y., I. Leonard Feigenbaum, of Huntington, N.Y.,
Melvyn Tanenbaum, of Huntington, N.Y., Nathaniel Miller, of Hunt-
ington Station, N.Y., Patrick J. Canning, of Lindenhurst, N.Y., Philip
West Stackpole, of Montclair, N.J., Wallace F. Davidow of Patchogue,
N.Y., Lloyd A. Feuer, of Patchogue, N.Y., George E. Lechtrecker,
of Patchogue, N.Y., Burton Hugh Mars, of Patchogue, N.Y., Michael
Resnik, of Patchogue, N.Y., Murray Bogatin, of Sayville, N.Y.,
Robert Cedar, of Selden, N.Y., Morton Weissman, of Selden, N.Y.,
Peter J. Costigan, of Setauket, N.Y., Lefferts Paine Edson, of South-
old, N.Y., Joseph Andrew Krupski, of Southold, N.Y., and John E.
Hurley, of Westhampton Beach, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George Dy-
son Friou; and Barton S. Udell, of Coral Gables, Fla., Richard M.
Sepler, of Hialeah, Fla., Edward Joseph James Atkins, of Miami,
Fla., Robert Merle Bader, of Miami, Fla., David M. Bloomberg, of
Miami, Fla., John Rodgers Camp, Jr., of Miami, Fla., Paul E. Gifford,
of Miami, Fla., Donald Dickey Gillis, of Miami, Fla., George V. Lanza,
of Miami, Fla., Edward Louis Magill, of Miami, Fla., John Cyril
Malloy, of Miami, Fla., David McDonald, of Miami, Fla., Robert E.
Metzker, of Miami, Fla., Charles F. Mills, of Miami, Fla., Robert L.
Shevin, of Miami, Fla., Eugene M. Short, Jr., of Miami, Fla., John
Miller Thomson, of Miami, Fla., Alden Norman Drucker, of Miami
Beach, Fla., Herman A. Greenglass, of Miami Beach, Fla., Lawrence
Gardner Ropes, Jr., of South Miami, Fla., Louie Norman Adcock, Jr.,
of St. Petersburg, Fla., Gardner Wise Beckett, Jr., of St. Petersburg,
Fla., Richard Fleming Logan, of St. Petersburg, Fla., Morison Buck,
of Tampa, Fla., James Clayton Burke, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., Arthur
Caesar Chapman, of Chicago, Ill., Hugh Armstrong Hardy, of Chi-
cago, Ill., James Leonard Harris, of Chicago, Ill., Frank John Kuta,
of Chicago, Ill., Earle A. Malkin, of Chicago, Ill., Roy Rocco Mascato,
of Chicago, Ill., Warren G. Petersen, of Chicago, Ill., LeRoy Edward
Stevens, of Chicago, Ill., Louis B. Tishler, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Richard
E. Burn, of Elmhurst, Ill., and Theodore George Koerner III, of
Park Ridge, Ill., on motion of Mr. William E. O'Donovan, were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 147. Raymond L. Haynes, petitioner, v. Washington. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Washington for

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
329
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark with whom Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr.
Justice White join.
No. 424. I. A. Watson, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. City of Memphis
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
No. 631. Alvin R. Campbell et al., petitioners, v. United States.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals as well as the judg-
ments of conviction vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 236. German S. Lopez, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Goldberg join.
No. 332. Fenelon Boesche, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 513. Willie Norvell, petitioner, v. Illinois. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart joins.
No. 506. United States, appellant, v. Jerry Braverman. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California. Judgment reversed and case remanded for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 509. Elijah Reed, petitioner, v. Steamship Yaka, etc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
330
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
No. 322. Alexander T. Sperry, petitioner, v. State of Florida ex rel.
The Florida Bar. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Florida for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 15, Original. State of Alabama, by and through George C.
Wallace as its Governor, and George C. Wallace in his Capacity as
Governor of the State of Alabama, plaintiffs, v. United States of
America and Robert S. McNamara, Individually and as Secretary of
Defense of the United States of America. On motion for leave to
file bill of complaint. The motion for leave to file the proposed bill
of complaint, as amended, is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice White took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 532. Jolen Hathaway, appellant, v. Texas. Appeal from the
County Court of Cooke County of Texas. Judgment reversed on the
representations of counsel for the appellee and remanded to the
County Court of Cooke County of Texas for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 936. Yale Transport Corp., appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 973. Food Fair Stores, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Zoning
Board of Appeals of the City of Pompano Beach, Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 981. Mile Road Corp., appellant, v. City of Boston. Appeal
from the Superior Court of Massachusetts, Suffolk County. The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 984. Guillermo Gonzalez et al., appellants, v. City of Chicago.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
650278-63-90

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
331
No. 989. Robert Milne, appellant, v. Rhode Island. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Rhode Island. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 706, Misc. Ralph Martin Buffington, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Su-
preme Court of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon
v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 966, Misc. Perry Edward Smith, appellant, v. Kansas et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Kansas. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari
is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1024, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Honorable United
States Congress et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. The appeal is dismissed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 1058, Misc. Susie Lee Counts, appellant, v. Carl Aaron
Counts. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Third
Supreme Judicial District. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 1227, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Honorable Gov-
ernment of the United States of America. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 45. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of California,
et al.; and
No. 49. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of
California, et al., appellants, v. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers,
Inc., et al. It is ordered that the opinion of this Court in these cases
be amended by adding to footnote 18, the following paragraph:
"Nor have we any occasion to consider the possible applicability to
the Supremacy Clause issue of the provisions of 21 U.S.C. § 341, since
neither party has made any reference to that statute either before the
District Court or in this Court."
No. 403. Banco Nacional de Cuba, petitioner, v. Peter L. F. Sab-
batino, etc., et al. Further consideration of the motion for leave to
1

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
332
substitute Compania Azucarera Vertientes-Camaguey de Cuba in place
of Peter L. F. Sabbatino as a party respondent is postponed pending
a hearing on the merits of the case.
No. . In the Matter of Louis B. Zavin. The motion to amend
the attorneys' roll to show the change of name of Louis B. Zavin to
Louis Brooks Gavin is granted.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 944. United States, appellant, v. El Paso Natural Gas Com-
pany et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Utah. The motion for the State of California for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice White took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 537. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Exchange
Parts Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
-
No. 979. Dion Tyrone Diamond, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 722, Misc. John Brenton Preston, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 335. Swarco, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 742. H. F. Keeler et ux., petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 779. Richard Bostic, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 842. Seafarers International Union of North America, Atlan-
tic, Gulf, Lakes & Inland Water District, Puerto Rico Division, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Valencia Baxt Express, Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
333
No. 867. John Hollman, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 941. Thomas B. Wheeler, petitioner, v. Louisiana State Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 983. Buck Willcoxson, petitioner, v. United States et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 987. Board of Trustees of School District No. 1 of Clarendon
County, South Carolina, et al., petitioners, v. Bobby Brunson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1000. Richard H. Shafer et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1003. Jefferson City Cabinet Co., petitioner, v. International
Union of Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers, AFL-CIO, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1005. John M. Shubin et al., petitioners, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of California et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Frank E. Lipp et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 824. Willard Dairy Corporation, petitioner, v. National Dairy
Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black, dissenting from the denial of certiorari:
"Ordinarily I do not file dissents from denials of certiorari. But
this is far from an ordinary case. The action of the Court in denying
certiorari is almost as shocking to me as the arbitrary manner in which
the trial judge shut off every effort of petitioner to amend its com-
plaint so as to invoke a right granted by a federal statute and to have
its case fully tried on sworn evidence rather than summarily disposed
of on affidavits and preliminary papers.
"Petitioner, a local dairy having a single plant in Ohio, filed this
action against respondent, a large national company operating in
interstate commerce, seeking treble damages under the Robinson-
Patman Act, which outlaws discriminations in price between pur-
chasers of commodities of like grade and quality where any of the
purchases involved are in interstate commerce. The complaint
charged that respondent, selling from a plant at Shelby, Ohio, had

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
334
damaged petitioner by cutting milk prices where it competed with
petitioner but not cutting prices elsewhere in Ohio. The complaint
did not, however, allege any price discrimination which involved sales
across state lines. Petitioner then asked the court to allow it to
amend its complaint to show that, although respondent cut prices
for intrastate sales where it competed with petitioner, it did not cut
prices for sales made in interstate commerce. It seems clear to me
that this amendment would have brought petitioner's case within the
protective provisions of the statute. Nevertheless the trial judge
twice rejected petitioner's efforts to add this simple but necessary
factual allegation. His right of recovery being thus threatened with
permanent destruction by the judge, petitioner moved to dismiss his
case without prejudice in order that he would be able to file a new
suit upon payment of the costs of the first. The trial judge, however,
refused even to allow petitioner orally to argue the merits of his
motion and rendered summary judgment, dismissing the case so as
to bar petitioner from ever bringing another suit. The trial judge
saw fit to ignore Rule 15(a), which says that leave to amend 'shall
be freely given when justice so requires'. This and the other Federal
Rules 'reject the approach that pleading is a game of skill in which
one misstep by counsel may be decisive to the outcome and accept
the principle that the purpose of pleading is to facilitate a proper
decision on the merits'. Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 48 (1957).
The Federal Rules were meant to prevent just the sort of technical
and arbitrary action that took place below. The frustration of statu-
tory rights by harsh and unjustifiable procedural rulings is wholly out
of place in an enlightened system of jurisprudence.
"Moreover, I think the result below is irreconcilable with this
Court's decision in Moore v. Mead's Fine Bread Co., 348 U.S. 115
(1954), in which we said that the Robinson-Patman Act condemns the
monopolistic practice under which profits made in nondiscriminatory
interstate transactions are used to offset losses arising from discrimi-
natory price-cutting at the local level. I believe that the Court of
Appeals in the present case misconstrued both the statute and
Moore when it held that respondent's interstate shipments 'from other
than its Shelby, Ohio, plant' were 'wholly immaterial' to this case.
Refusing to grant certiorari here means that this Court is allowing
the economic resources and staying power of an interstate company
to be used with impunity to destroy local competition, precisely the
sort of thing the Robinson-Patman Act aimed to prevent. The
present case presents an important question of price-cutting by inter-
state business with local plants, each of which services largely a local
area but all of which draw on the economic power of the national
operation. Judgments like the one left standing here make it diffi-
650278-63- -91

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
335
cult indeed for small, independent, local companies to survive against
the predatory assaults of their larger and more powerful interstate
competitors. I would grant certiorari."
No. 931. Carlos Marcello, petitioner, v. Robert F. Kennedy. Attor-
ney General of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 988. Frank Petzelt, petitioner, v. Theodore J. Mayer. Upon
consideration of the suggestion of death, the motion to substitute
Joseph T. Lochen, as Administrator, in the place of Theodore J.
Mayer is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 999. William Leighton, petitioner, v. One William Street
Fund, Inc., et al. The motion to dispense with printing the petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 376, Misc. Mario J. DeLucia, petitioner, v. Howard Yeager,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 642, Misc. James Kelly Garner, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 663, Misc. Joseph Boyle, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 668, Misc. Marvin Herring, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 792, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. O. G. Black-
well, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 827, Misc. Chester L. Oughton, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 833, Misc. Charles E. Lawrenson, petitioner, v. United States.
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 843, Misc. Elijah L. Frison, petitioner, v. District of Colum-
bia Department of Corrections et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
336
No. 864, Misc. William Howard Duncan, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 874, Misc. Frank Sepulveda Casados, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 889, Misc. Richard Bruce McAulay, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 897, Misc. Daniel Elchuk, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 918, Misc. Willie Junior Rakes, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 941, Misc. Samuel Blyther, petitioner, v. James T. Dyson et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 942, Misc. Vernon C. O'Neill, petitioner, v. North Dakota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Dakota
denied.
No. 946, Misc. General Harris, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 949, Misc. Aram Hovnanian, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 954, Misc. Robert Emmett Klein, petitioner, v. William C.
Keating, Jr., M.D., Superintendent, California Medical Facility, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 964, Misc. Michael Robert Shaffer, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 981, Misc. Alfred James Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 985, Misc. Tom Don Franano, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 989, Misc. Robert H. Long, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
337
No. 990, Misc. Lawrence E. McCleary, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1008, Misc. Phillip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 1009, Misc. Samuel T. Stevens, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1012, Misc. Fred D. McLaurin, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 1013, Misc. Louis Cuomo, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1016, Misc. Roy Ramsey, petitioner, v. Tracy A. Hand,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1021, Misc. Joe L. Christian, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1025, Misc. Charles E. Taylor, petitioner, v. Jack Heard, As-
sistant Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1029, Misc. John Gant, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1034, Misc. Earl C. Bieu, petitioner, v. Warden, Connecticut
State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 1037, Misc. Philip Priore, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1038, Misc. Ernest Marshall, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1048, Misc. Arstell Young, petitioner, v. George Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 1050, Misc. Raymond Meholchick, petitioner, v. James F.
Maroney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition
E
11
1

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
338
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 1051, Misc. Miguel Mangual, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1053, Misc. Harley W. Miller, petitioner, v. C. T. Gladden,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 1055, Misc. Robert L. Head, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ari-
zona denied.
No. 1057, Misc. Samuel Speese, petitioner, v. Clarence Wolfe,
Superintendent, Allegheny County Workhouse. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 1059, Misc. Donald Peppentenzza, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1062, Misc. Clarence R. Bosler, petitioner, v. Honorable S. P.
Dalton et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1063, Misc. John J. Clouthier, petitioner, v. James F.
Maroney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1067, Misc. Ira Mack Christoph, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Ap-
peals of Texas denied.
No. 1075, Misc. James Collins, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1086, Misc. Fred Sykes and Thomas Ruffin, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1088, Misc. Manuel M. Balthazar, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 1090, Misc. Robert Edward McClindon, petitioner, v. Dr.
W. N. C. Keating et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 1091, Misc. Herman Morgan, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
339
No. 1094, Misc. Edgar Lee Howe, petitioner, v. Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1097, Misc. Bennie Doster, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 1103, Misc. Virgil Roy Burks, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1107, Misc. Jessie Abraham, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1118, Misc. Monroe Robinson, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1122, Misc. Irving Ellington, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1128, Misc. William Vena Jordan, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1129, Misc. J. D. Sterling, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 1130, Misc. Chester Milton Wade, petitioner, v. W. K. Cun-
ningham, Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 1132, Misc. Alfonso Juan Alire, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1133, Misc. Bobby Ray Gill, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1143, Misc. Paige E. Church, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon
denied.
No. 1145, Misc. Stephen Galascewski, petitioner, v. David N.
Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 1147, Misc. Thomas Woods, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1148, Misc. Charles R. Fox, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
340
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 1160, Misc. John L. Reed, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1161, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1180, Misc. Joseph L. Gilmore, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1197, Misc. Eddie W. X. Smith, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1209, Misc. Wendell McIntosh, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1222, Misc. Frank Egitto, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1224, Misc. Harry Ludwig, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1251, Misc. Roy L. Story, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1266, Misc. Keith Lee Osborne, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1297, Misc. Irving Leibowitz, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 596, Misc. Richard Raymond, petitioner, v. Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Cort of Indiana denied in
light of the representation made by counsel for the respondent.
No. 824, Misc. Mark Coppedge, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
The motion for leave to use the record in No. 157, October Term,
1961, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
341
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1065, Misc. Paul Rodger Weller, petitioner, v. California
et al.;
No. 1117, Misc. Woodie Adams, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution;
No. 1154, Misc. Ex parte Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner;
No. 1169, Misc. Charles F. Hanovich, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al.;
No. 1188, Misc. James Lanyon Killgore, petitioner, v. John T.
Willingham, Warden, et al.;
No. 1248, Misc. Milton T. Pratt, petitioner, v. Missouri; and
No. 1277, Misc. Robert E. McCaffrey, petitioner, v. David N.
Heritage, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 1223, Misc. Ernest Gruetzmacher, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden;
No. 1239, Misc. Perry Walker, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden, et al; and
No. 1279, Misc. Theodore Harper, petitioner, v. California. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1042, Misc. Sidney Rice, petitioner, v. John S. Palmore, Chief
Justice, Court of Appeals of Kentucky, et al. Motion to file petition
for writ of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 61. International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Airlines, Inc.;
No. 720. Melvin Davis Rees, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia;
No. 854. George Fuqua, appellant, v. Mississippi;
No. 858. Yacimientos Petroliferso Fiscales, petitioner, v. Paragon
Oil Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 859. Kalman Greenhill and Frank Proctor, Jr., petitioners, v.
United States; and
No. 1100, Misc. Kalman Greenhill and Frank Proctor, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. Richard T. Rives et al., Circuit Judges of the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 853, Misc. Walter Thomson, petitioner, v. Hon. Bert H.
Tunks, District Judge, et al.; and
1
1

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1963
342
No. 983, Misc. Charles C. Patterson, appellant, v. City of New-
port News. Petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 3, 1963.
Adjourned until Monday, June 3, 1963, at 10 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
343
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr.
Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Richard Clegg Hubbell, of Beverly Hills, Calif., James A.
Lenfestey, of Tampa, Fla., Tom E. Lewis, of Pensacola, Fla., Sumter
L. Lowry, Jr., of Tampa, Fla., Matthew J. Ryan, Jr., of Springfield,
Mass., Jacob Green, of Newark, N.J., Kenneth Kaplan, of New York,
N.Y., Stewart R. Jaffy, of Columbus, Ohio, Benicio Sanchez-Rivera,
of San Juan, P.R., Nicholas Alfred Maffeo, of Renton, Wash., John
R. Strickland, of Tacoma, Wash., James Carroll Henderson, of Miami,
| Fla., and Alvin E. Wilson, of Devon, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; Edward T. Dussault, of Missoula, Mont., and
Thomas F. Murray, of Missoula, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf;
David P. Buckson, of Dover, Del., and N. Maxson Terry, of Dover,
Del., on motion of Mr. James Caleb Boggs; Richard C. Reed, of Seat-
tle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; Jack Edgar Allan
White, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on motion of Mr. Horace Robinson
Kornegay; Fred W. Vondy, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron
G. Rogers; Harmon Groesbeck Scoville, of Westminster, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. John J. McFall; Milton Edward Wilson, of Berea, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William E. Minshall; H. Edgar Timmerman, of West
Shokan, N.Y., and Catherine H. Carlson, of Shokan, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. J. Ernest Wharton; John E. Vanlandingham, of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris K. Udall; William D. Holoman, of
Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Horace Robinson Kornegay; George
Edward Seay, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe Richard Pool;
Jean Allen Turnage, of Polson, Mont., on motion of Mr. Arnold H.
Olsen; Warren Coleman Casey, of Goldsboro, N.C., on motion of
Mr. Nathan J. Roberts; Dallas R. Lamont, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard K. Stevens; Ransom A. Ellis, Jr., of Spring-
field, Mo., on motion of Mr. Kirby W. Patterson; Michael T. Frimer,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Gerard J. Weiser, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Peter H. Schiff; James A. Greenblatt, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Sidney M. Glazer; Ted Martin Akin, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark; Joseph S. Reynolds,
of East Orange, N.J., Martin J. Jennings, of Fanwood, N.J., Myron
Broder, of Fort Lee, N.J., Joseph C. Paine, of Irvington, N.J., Wil-
liam V. Ebs, of Montvale, N.J., Herman Kaner, of Newark, N.J.,
650278-63-92
1

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
344
I. Irving Rand, of Newark, N.J., Charles Travaglio, of Newton, N.J.,
Ervin E. Field, of Nutley, N.J., John J. Gillies, of Nutley, N.J.,
Joseph L. Magrino, Jr., of Orange, N.J., Chester Apy, of Red Bank,
N.J., Ralph J. Pocaro, of Summit, N.J., Gerald Myron Eisenstat, of
Vineland, N.J., Joseph Stanziale, of West New York, N.J., and
Vigdor D. Bernstein, of Winfield, N.J., on motion of Mr. Aristo
Dallavalle; Thomas J. Dolan, of Monroe, Conn., on motion of Mr.
J. Bruce Kellison; Carl Emile Buchmann, of Chicago, Ill., James B.
Looker, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and James Preston King, of Putnam,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. William H. Bennison; Anthony F. LoGatto,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward D. Re; Herman A.
Adler, of Toms River, N.J., Milton Harold Gelzer, of Toms River,
N.J., William T. Hiering, of Toms River, N.J., William J. Kearney,
of Toms River, N.J., J. Elmer Matthews, of Lakewood, N.J., and
Julius Robinson, of Beach Haven, N.J., on motion of Mr. William
E. O'Connor, Jr.; James S. Cremins, of Richmond, Va., Jerrell
Ringwald Davis, of Richmond, Va., Clement S. Kester, of Richmond,
Va., Richard Harrison Lipscomb, of Richmond, Va., Robert Edgar
Northup, of Richmond, Va., and Wilkes Coleman Robinson, of Rich-
mond, Va., on motion of Mr. Erle J. Zoll, Jr.; Reynolds S. Cheney,
of Jackson, Miss., Joshua Green, of Jackson, Miss., and Sherwood
Willing Wise, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Richard M. Merri-
man; Judah Best, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. George Kauf-
mann; Daniel Finkelstein, of Bronx, N.Y., Abraham E. Glick, of
Bronx, N.Y., John Richard O'Hanlon, of Bronx, N.Y., Philip E.
Parker, of Bronx, N.Y., Stanford M. Altschul, of New York, N.Y.,
Joseph A. Angione, of New York, N.Y., Irving Berman, of New
York, N.Y., Irving Bierman, of New York, N.Y., Myron Bush, of
New York, N.Y., Philip Cohen, of New York, N.Y., Irving Fried-
lander, of New York, N.Y., Lewis Friedman, of New York, N.Y.,
Arthur C. Goldberg, of New York, N.Y., Sol D. Greenstein, of New
York, N.Y., Joseph G. Higgins, of New York, N.Y., Meyer Jezer,
of New York, N.Y., Thomas J. Kehoe, of New York, N.Y., Morris
Krauthamer, of New York, N.Y., Anthony M. Lanzone, of New York,
N.Y., Norman Lazarus, of New York, N.Y., Marvin L. Levitt, of
New York, N.Y., Magnus Lipton, of New York, N.Y., Sidney M.
Lyman, of New York, N.Y., Michael F. McEneney, of New York,
N.Y., Myron J. Meadow, of New York, N.Y., Algernon M. Miller, of
New York, N.Y., Alexander Mozeson, of New York, N.Y., Stanley
S. Ostrau, of New York, N.Y., Abraham Perlof, of New York, N.Y.,
Carl Radin, of New York, N.Y., Leo H. Raines, of New York, N.Y.,
Lester Raskin, of New York, N.Y., Frank Ronga, of New York, N.Y.,
David Ross, of New York, N.Y., Lester M. Shulklapper, of New
York, N.Y., Thomas F. Smyth, of New York, N.Y., Gerald Spatz,
of New York, N.Y., Stella Sternberg, of New York, N.Y., Irving

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
345
Stillerman, of New York, N.Y., Lottie L. Stillerman, of New York,
N.Y., Richard B. M. Wolfe, of New York, N.Y., and Gilbert Wol-
lach, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archi-
bald Cox; William Roy Sansing, of Higgins, Tex., on motion of Mr.
John F. Doyle; Sampson Harlan Miller, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and
Jose K. P. de Varon, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. David W.
Richmond; Clarence Eugene Hamilton, Jr., of Macon, Ga., on motion
of Mrs. Ruby Kettles Peterson; Americus Mitchell, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Frank L. Abbott; Ove Bernhard Dendtler, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John S. Nolan; Lucille Martin Heeter,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Ziebarth; C. J.
Lewis, of Colorado Springs, Colo., and Jack E. McGahey, of Durant,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Max L. Rowe, of Dallas
City, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank S. Ketcham; Mortimer Fried, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Samuel Green; Herbert David Schaef-
fer, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Bernard Rowitz; Joyle C.
Dahl, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Dale E. Anderson; Willis
Carey Darby, Jr., of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Herbert Edel-
hertz; Joseph J. Connerton, of Kingston, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Ralph L. Thomas; Thomas Francis McNerney, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. James McI. Henderson; John S. Shannon, of
Roanoke, Va., on motion of Mr. John P. Fishwick; Coolidge Napol-
eon McCants, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Dorsey Evans;
Walter C. Taylor, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Mason
Mahin; M. Frank Hersman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Frederic J. Ball; Fenton J. Mee, of Logansport, Ind., on motion of
Mr. Remmel Hamilton Dudley; Jack Heller, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Steven E. Halpern; Hyman Clurfeld, of Baldwin
Harbor, N.Y., Jacob I. Polstein, of Bayside, N.Y., Seymour Barash,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Arthur Goodstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., William
Rigler, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Max Feinberg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Bernard
M. Bloom, of Brooklyn, N.Y., John R. Marvin, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Alvin J. Bronstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Stanley Hendricks, of Brook-
lyn, N.Y., Howard Chester Glazer, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Morris Marko-
witz, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Alvin Jack Chorney, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Milton L. Fleiss, of Brooklyn, N.Y., David Epstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Morton Jerome Levine, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Melvin Cohn, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., Herbert J. Kimmel, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Stanley Gartenstein,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Martin S. Taft, of Brooklyn, N.Y., M. Bernard
Brownstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harry R. Schwartz, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., Harry Sand, of Brooklyn, N.Y., George S. Meissner, of Brook-
lyn, N.Y., Harry Krakower, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Nathan Black, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Russell K. Lemken, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Michael
Levine, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Elihu Rosen, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Allen S.
Rubenstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Mortimer Traktman, of Brooklyn,

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
346
N.Y., Samuel Z. Cohen, of Brooklyn, N.Y., William J. Callahan, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Eugene J. Epstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harold W.
Tamarin, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Abraham I. Madison, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Morris Sokolinsky, of Brooklyn, N.Y., John P. Pasquariello, of Brook-
lyn, N.Y., Jacob Weisberg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Louis Silberstang, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Joseph F. Giacalone, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Benjamin
Burke Kasloff, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Jack B. Abramson, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., Leon Brickman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Herman E. Brookman, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Moses M. Zelig, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Eugene Gold,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Mark A. Landsman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., William
W. Kleinman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Bernard S. Greenbaum, of Brook-
lyn, N.Y., Phoebe L. Kessler, of Brooklyn, N.Y., H. Broadman
Epstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Jack Baum, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Julius
Blaushield, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Sidney J. Goldner, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Alfred Dresner, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Lester P. Schwartz, of Brooklyn,
N.Y., Albert A. Altman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Sarah Kregman Fisher,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Samuel Korot, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Samuel Wein-
berg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Morgan E. Lane, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Sidney
A. Lichtman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., George Warner Clark, of Garden
City, N.Y., William J. Cosgrove, of Glen Cove, N.Y., Melvin Knyper,
of Great Neck, N.Y., Edward M. Cohen, of Lynbrook, N.Y., Joseph
C. Spano, of Middletown, N.Y., Lothair H. Szerlip, of Monroe, N.Y.,
Jon H. Hammer, of New York, N.Y., Edward Malz, of New York,
N.Y., Vincent Pizzuto, of New York, N.Y., Alfred F. Ritter, of New
York, N.Y., Samuel B. Seitel, of New York, N.Y., and Leonard N.
Tarr, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Roy M. D. Richardson;
and Mandel L. Aronfeld, of Chicago, Ill., Solomon Axelrod, of
Chicago, Ill., Samuel S. Berger, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph W. Bernstein,
of Chicago, Ill., Alvin W. Block, of Chicago, Ill., Benjamin Brom-
berg, of Chicago, Ill., Irving Bronstein, of Chicago, Ill., Donald J.
Brooks, of Chicago, Ill., Dan Brusslan, of Chicago, Ill., Eugene K.
Buchalter, of Chicago, Ill., Bernard Leon Chase, of Chicago, Ill.,
Melvin J. Cole, of Chicago, Ill., Edward L. Cooper, of Chicago, Ill.,
Earl Alan Deutsch, of Chicago, Ill., Irving M. Drobny, of Chicago,
Ill., Mitchell Edelson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Reuben J. Feldman, of
Chicago, Ill., Bernard M. Fisher, of Chicago, Ill., Jack Fisher, of
Chicago, Ill., Edward K. Fliegel, of Chicago, Ill., Lawrence Fried-
man, of Chicago, Ill., Samuel Fumel, of Chicago, Ill., Walter D.
Gainer, of Chicago, Ill., Ira Stuart Gilbert, of Chicago, Ill., Marvin
E. Ginsburg, of Chicago, Ill., Gerald A. Gitles, of Chicago, Ill.,
Gabriel Goldberg, of Chicago, Ill., Mitchell S. Goldgehn, of Chicago,
Ill., George Norman Gordon, of Chicago, Ill., Milton Oscar Gordon,
of Chicago, Ill., Sidney Gordon, of Chicago, Ill., Seymour Greenman,
of Chicago, Ill., Maurice H. Herman, of Chicago, Ill., Reginald J.
Holzer, of Chicago, Ill., Joseph H. Horwich, of Chicago, Ill., Aaron

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
347
M. Jacobs, of Chicago, Ill., B. Saul Jacobs, of Chicago, Ill., Benjamin
J. Kanter, of Chicago, Ill., Harold Z. Kaplan, of Chicago, Ill., Mor-
ris Abraham Kaplan, of Chicago, Ill., Eugene Kart, of Chicago, Ill.,
Ben H. Kessler, of Chicago, Ill., Harvey X. Koloms, of Chicago, Ill.,
Jerome Joseph Kornfeld, of Chicago, Ill., Gerald L. Kramer, of
Chicago, Ill., Warren Krinsky, of Chicago, Ill., Julius Marshall
Lehrer, of Chicago, Ill., Louis M. Leider, of Chicago, Ill., Jack Levin,
of Chicago, Ill., Everett Lewy, of Chicago, Ill., Merwin J. Lichten-
stein, of Chicago, Ill., Howard I. Lidov, of Chicago, Ill., Donald Lip-
man, of Chicago, Ill., Floyd B. Manilow, of Chicago, Ill., Alan Mas-
ters, of Chicago, Ill., Larry S. Mayster, of Chicago, Ill., Sidney
Mintz, of Chicago, Ill., Myron Minuskin, of Chicago, Ill., Henry
Mitgang, of Chicago, Ill., Floyd Norman Nadler, of Chicago, Ill.,
Gilbert Nathan, of Chicago, Ill., Richard Earl Nathan, of Chicago,
Ill., Myron E. Nelson, of Chicago, Ill., Howard Leo Nye, of Chicago,
Ill., Joseph Peck, of Chicago, Ill., Marshall Perel, of Chicago, Ill.,
Seymour Samuel Price, of Chicago, Ill., Renée Zarbin Pritikin, of
Chicago, Ill., Leon Charles Rane, of Chicago, Ill., Edward E. Reicin,
of Chicago, Ill., Edward S. Richman, of Chicago, Ill., Harold Richter,
of Chicago, Ill., Jack W. Rosen, of Chicago, Ill., S. Aaron Rosen, of
Chicago, Ill., Morton C. Rosengarden, of Chicago, Ill., Philip Rosen-
strock, of Chicago, Ill., Norbert Nathan Rosenthal, of Chicago, Ill.,
Arnold Harry Rubin, of Chicago, Ill., Gerald M. Rubin, of Chicago,
Ill., Jerome J. Ruther, of Chicago, Ill., Gerald B. Saltzberg, of
Chicago, Ill., Norman Sands, of Chicago, Ill., Hyman Schechet, of
Chicago, Ill., Joseph Schneider, of Chicago, Ill., Lester Shapiro, of
Chicago, Ill., Ralph E. Sheffey, of Chicago, Ill., Arthur Y. Schul-
son, of Chicago, Ill., Arthur H. Schwab, of Chicago, Ill., Terrell C.
Schwarz, of Chicago, Ill., Samuel Simon, of Chicago, Ill., Morris
D. Spiegel, of Chicago, Ill., Leon P. Star, of Chicago, Ill., Yale
Stein, of Chicago, Ill., Raymond I. Suekoff, of Chicago, Ill., Morris
S. Telechansky, of Chicago, Ill., Arthur H. Torme, of Chicago, Ill.,
Harold Tucker, of Chicago, Ill., Steven Van Dorf, of Chicago, Ill.,
John H. Watson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Albert Weinberg, of Chicago,
Ill., Theodore C. Weinberg, of Chicago, Ill., Louis A. Wexler, of
Chicago, Ill., Dean S. Wolfson, of Chicago, Ill., Seymour Zaban, of
Chicago, Ill., Ethel Schiller Zelden, of Chicago, Ill., Louis L.
Winokur, of Evanston, Ill., Nathan Slutzky, of Glencoe, Ill., Isadore
Goffen, of Highland Park, Ill., Emanuel Slutzky, of Highland Park,
Ill., L. Sanford Blustin, of Lincolnwood, Ill., Albert H. Geller, of
Park Forest, Ill., Silas Wallk, of Peoria, Ill., Sherwin Willens, of
Skokie, Ill., Arnold Harvey Schwartz, of Skokie, Ill., Marvin Paul
Shore, of Skokie, Ill., Eugene Lieberman, of Wilmette, Ill., Charles
A. Lepp, of Kenosha, Wis., and Max Schoenberg, of Beverly Hills,
650278-63-93

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
348
Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox, were
admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 404. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conform-
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White.
Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 368. Retail Clerks International Association, Local 1625,
AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Alberta Schermerhorn et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Decision of the
Supreme Court of Florida approved insofar as it holds that the con-
tract involved was within the scope of Section 14(b) of the National
Labor Relations Act but case retained on calendar and set for reargu-
ment on unresolved issue of whether the Florida courts in this case
have jurisdiction to afford a remedy for violation of the State law.
The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of
the United States. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 630. Wilbert Rideau, petitioner, v. Louisiana. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark
with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins.
No. 541. Local 100 of the United Association of Journeymen and
Apprentices, petitioner, v. H. N. Borden. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial District.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Civil Appeals
of Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial District, for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom
Mr. Justice Clark joins. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 482. Local No. 207, International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural and Ornamental Iron Workers Union, et al., petitioners, v. Jacob
Perko. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Clark dissent for the reasons stated in their dissent in No. 541, Local

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
349
100, United Assn. of Journeymen v. Borden, decided this day. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 529. United States, petitioner, v. Carlo Bianchi and Company,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States Court of
Claims for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
No. 217. Josephine Goss et al., petitioners, v. The Board of Edu-
cation of the City of Knoxville, Tennessee, et al. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgments in cases Nos. 14425 and 14607 are reversed and case re-
manded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
with instructions to remand the cases to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee and the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, respectively.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 493. Donald Wheeldin and Admiral Dawson, petitioners, v.
William Wheeler. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Motion of petitioner Wheeldin for
leave to withdraw his request for review is granted. Judgment af-
firmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr.
Justice Black join.
No. 480. Louis McNeese, Jr., a Minor, by Mabel McNeese, his
Mother and Next Friend, et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education for
Community Unit School District 187, Cahokia, Illinois, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 8, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Report of Special Master adopted with exceptions noted.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Stewart join, dissenting in
part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Chief Justice
Warren took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Acting
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally".

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
OPINION PER Curiam
350
No. 985. Paul Jones, Chairman of Navajo Tribal Council of the
Navajo Indian Tribe, etc., appellant, v. Dewey Healing, Chairman of
the Hopi Council of the Hopi Indian Tribe, etc., et al.; and
No. 1050. Dewey Healing, Chairman of the Hopi Tribal Council
of the Hopi Indian Tribe, etc., et al., appellants, v. Paul Jones, Chair-
man of the Navaho Tribal Council of the Navaho Indian Tribe, etc.,
et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the District
of Arizona. The motion to substitute Raymond Nakai in the place
of Paul Jones as the party appellant in No. 985 and as a party appellee
in No. 1050 is granted. The motion to substitute Abbott Sekaquap-
tewa in the place of Dewey Healing as a party appellee in No. 985
and as a party appellant in No. 1050 is granted. The motion to affirm
in No. 985 is granted and the judgment which is common to both cases
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opin-
ion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and would decide the
cases only after argument.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
-
-.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Harvey Oliver Drumm, petitioner, v. California;
Francis George Mooney, petitioner, v. New York;
Edison R. Womack, petitioner, v. Oregon;
In the Matter of Garland Jacobs; petitioner;
In the Matter of Manuel Diaz, petitioner; and
No. - In the Matter of William Turner, petitioner. The motions
for the appointment of counsel are denied.
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. The report of the Special Master is received and ordered filed.
The motion of the State of Florida for leave to intervene is granted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1031. William Malloy, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Hogan, Sheriff
of Hartford County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Errors of Connecticut granted.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 946. Roland Ryan et al., petitioners, v. Dominic Abata, Indi-
vidually, and as President of Democratic Union Organizing Commit-
tee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1006. Roofire Alarm Company, petitioner, v. Royal Indemnity
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
351
No. 1013. Dan W. Shaffer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Seagram &
Sons, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1015. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Villain &
Fassio E. Compagnia, Internationale Di Genova Societa, Riunite Di
Navigazione, S. p. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1018. Manuel Sanchez, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1019. Peter S. Sarelas, petitioner, v. Stephanos G. Rocanas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1021. Mary Lee Lake et al., petitioners, v. Burl A. Sawyers.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Hardy County
of West Virginia denied.
No. 1022. Eastern States Petroleum Corporation of Panama, S. A.,
petitioner v. Orion Shipping & Trading Co., Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1023. City National Bank and Trust Company of Columbus,
etc., petitioner v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1025. Dixie Machine Welding & Metal Works, Inc., petitioner,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1027. Otis Elevator Company, petitioner, v. Local 453, Inter-
national Union of Electrical, Radio & Machine Workers, AFL-CIO.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1028. Bronne A. Bruzgo, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1029. Major Oil Development Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1030. Great Eastern Color Lithographic Corp., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1034. Preston P. Coleman, Circuit Clerk and Registrar of
Lauderdale County, Mississippi, et al., petitioners, v. Robert F. Ken-
nedy, Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
352
No. 1035. Thor-Westcliffe Development, Inc., petitioner, v. Stewart
L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 1037. Lee Fingers, etc., petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1038. May Spach, Trustee, petitioner, v. Herbert M. Fisher,
Bankrupt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1039. W. J. Dillner Transfer Company, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1042. Louisiana Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. South-
ern Bell Telephone & Telegraph Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1045. Millard Vance et al., petitioners, v. Midland Enterprises,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Ohio, Hamilton County, denied.
No. 1026. Stanley Blumenthal et al., petitioners, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 916, Misc. Natividad Baca, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 953, Misc. John Cornelius Fulford, petitioner, v. L. L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 978, Misc. Benedetto Romeo, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1004, Misc. Benjamin F. Rayborn, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1005, Misc. George Hodge, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1031, Misc. Wallace Robison, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1963
353
No. 1064, Misc. Andrew P. Saldivar, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1080, Misc. Albert Sumpter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1168, Misc. Pete J. Thompson, petitioner, v. William Gray
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1194, Misc. Walter J. Hujar, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1199, Misc. Raymond Walter Bouldin, Jr., petitioner, v.
Warden, Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1240, Misc. Isaiah Rambert, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York.
denied.
No. 1253, Misc. Jerry Mason, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1257, Misc. Francis J. Higgins, petitioner, v. Walter H.
Wilkins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 795. American Institute for Economic Research, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. United States;
No. 911. Millpax et al., petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 809, Misc. George Edward Bentley, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 815. Harvey F. Euge, petitioner, v. Missouri. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 955. John J. Felice, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 10,
1963.
Adjourned until Monday, June 10, 1963, at 10 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
354
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
William C. Falkenhainer, of Los Angeles, Calif., William W. Bailey,
of Miami, Fla., Charlotte Joy Barkan Roth, of Miami, Fla., Arthur
Roth, of Miami, Fla., Samuel G. Jaffe, of Chicago, Ill., Alfred C.
Partoll, of Chicago, Ill., Richard O. Skoog, of Ottawa, Kans., Philip
Samuel Iuliano, of Watertown, Mass., Edward J. Lee, of Somer-
ville, Mass., Charles W. Schiesser, of Fergus Falls, Minn., Robert D.
Mullin, of Omaha, Neb., Eugene V. Buczkowski, of Buffalo, N.Y.,
Andrew G. Celli, of Rochester, N.Y., Roland William Donnem, of
New York, N.Y., Ronald Lee Gainer, of Spring Valley, N.Y., Eu-
gene P. Krent, of Parma, Ohio, Ronald M. Mottl, of Parma, Ohio,
Lewis N. Truman, of Springfield, Ohio, Richard B. Kirkpatrick, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, John Francis Buckley, of Worcester, Mass., Val S.
Morehouse, of St. Paul, Minn., and A. Hugh Leatherwood, Sr., of
Douglasville, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
James Francis Murray, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Harrison A. Williams, Jr.; Donald M. Fraser, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Lee Loevinger; David Lloyd Bernstein, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John V. Lindsay; Irving Allan Ka-
narek, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Jordan Wager;
Richard T. Hanna, of Fullerton, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J.
McFall; Frederick Newton Six, of Lawrence, Kans., on motion of
Mr. Robert F. Ellsworth; Charles E. Small, of Fresno, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Harlan Hagen; J. C. Zbranek, of Liberty, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Jack Brooks; Edith L. Nebeker, of Yuma, Ariz., and
Robert W. Nebeker, of Yuma, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris K.
Udall; George Howard Becker, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester; John Nelson Thurman, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Richard Warren Kurrus; James J. Duffy,
Jr., of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Sydney R. Prince, Jr.; Donald
Joseph Cronin, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wiley S.
Messick; Frank O'Donnell, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Bernays Wiener; Marvin John Anderson, of San Diego,
Calif., on motion of Mrs. Margaret Shea Coates; Joe D. Matheny,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William M. Cease, Jr.; Dennis
McCarthy, of Bakersfield, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward A. Mc-
650278-63-94

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
355
Cabe; Lemuel Conner Hutchins, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr.
James R. Worsley, Jr.; Victor O. Schmidt, of San Gabriel, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur A. Steffan; Gordon H. Mayberry, of Den-
ver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Samuel W. McIntosh; Richard Francis
Schiffmann, of Boston, Mass., and John Thomas Lavey, of Somer-
ville, Mass., on motion of Mr. John Harold Fanning; Paul F. Lardi,
of New York, N.Y., and Marvin J. Rosenberg, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Stanley B. Cohen; Robert J. Steinmeyer, of Fuller-
ton, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frank L. Neuhauser; Glendora J. Mc-
Ilwain, of Methuen, Mass., on motion of Mr. Harold B. Putnam, Jr.;
James J. Holmberg, of Columbus, Neb., on motion of Mr. Donald
H. Zarley; Donald Loyd Holley, of New York, N.Y., and Claude C.
Kelly, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert C. Barnard;
Gloria Eostra Wilson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William S.
Thompson; Hal Muir Smith, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
George Kaufmann; Denis T. Rice, of San Francisco, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Jerome Christian Muys; A. Allen Saunders, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard K. Lyon; Francis Breidenbach, of
Bismarck, N. Dak., on motion of Mr. Robert Elick Kleve; Joel M.
Savits, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Samuel Barker; and
Basil Dziama, of Lorain, Ohio, and John Bolcis Otero, of Lorain,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. George Thomas Mobille, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 405. United States, petitioner, v. Pioneer American Insurance
Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ar-
kansas. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents.
No. 604. Division 1287 of the Amalgamated Association of Street,
Electric Railway and Motor Coach Employees of America, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Missouri. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Missouri.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart announced by Mr. Jus-
tice White.
No. 476. Benjamin Braunstein et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
356
No. 53. George D. Ker et al., petitioners, v. California. On writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District. Judgment affirmed. Mr. Justice Clark an-
nounced the judgment of the Court and delivered an opinion as to the
standard by which state searches and seizures must be evaluated and
applying such standard. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Stewart, and
Mr. Justice White join in the opinion. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan concurring in the result. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Goldberg join, concurring as to the standard to be
applied but dissenting as to the application of such standard to the
facts in this case.
No. 463. Thomas I. Fitzgerald, Public Administrator of the
County of New York, etc., petitioner, v. United States Lines Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan.
No. 414. Michael Shenker, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Western District
of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Harlan
and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 20. Raymond B. Randolph, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgments vacated,
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for
reconsideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville, No. 71,
October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Harlan concurs in the result on the premises stated in his
separate opinion in Peterson v. City of Greenville, supra, and Avent v.
North Carolina, No. 11, October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
357
No. 29. Lawrence George Henry et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgments vacated,
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for
reconsideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville, No. 71,
October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result on the premises stated in his
separate opinion in Peterson v. City of Greenville, supra, and Avent
v. North Carolina, No. 11, October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963.
No. 60. Mandaline E. Thompson, petitioner, v. Virginia. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for recon-
sideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville, No. 71, October
Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Harlan concurs in the result on the premises stated in his separate
opinion in Peterson v. City of Greenville, supra, and Avent v. North
Carolina, No. 11, October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963.
No. 79. Virgil A. Wood et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for
reconsideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville, No. 71,
October Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result on the premises stated in
his separate opinion in Peterson v. City of Greenville, supra, and
Avent v. North Carolina, No. 11, October Term, 1962, decided May
20, 1963.
No. 362. Michele Marchese, petitioner, v. United States et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment vacated, and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of California for reconsideration in light of
Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S. 1. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan would deny certiorari on the basis of
their dissent in Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S.—.
No. 429. John J. Keller, petitioner, v. Wisconsin ex rel. State Bar
of Wisconsin. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment va-
cated, and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin for re-
consideration in light of Sperry v. Florida ex rel. The Florida Bar,
No. 322, October Term, 1962, decided May 27, 1963. Opinion per
curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
358
No. 688. M. A. Price et al., appellants, v. Harry R. Moss et al.; and
No. 689. Oklahoma Farm Bureau et al., appellants, v. Harry R.
Moss et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
Western District of Oklahoma. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeals are dismissed as the order of the District Court is not
appealable under 28 U.S.C. § 1253. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Goldberg concur in the result. Mr. Justice
Harlan would postpone consideration of the question of jurisdiction
until after argument on the merits.
No. 864. Don Baldwin et al., appellants, v. Harry R. Moss et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Oklahoma. The appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Harlan would postpone consideration of the question of juris-
diction until after argument on the merits.
No. 880. Sloan's Moving & Storage Co., Inc., appellant, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri. The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 992. Frank Laino, appellant, v. New York. Appeal from the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judi-
cial Department. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1008. W. R. Arthur & Co., Inc., appellant, v. Wisconsin De-
partment of Taxation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Wiscon-
sin. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1040. Lillian Lublin, Individually, etc., appellant, v. James T.
Barnes & Co., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan.
The motion to dispense with printing the jurisdictional statement is
granted. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is de-
nied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 251, Misc. Clint Huggins, petitioner, v. Robert R. Raines,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Oklahoma. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma for
reconsideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335 and
Carnley v. Cochran, 369 U.S. 506. Opinion per curiam.
650278-63-95
#

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
359
No. 264, Misc. Gregory C. Allen et al., petitioners, v. Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit of Hopewell, Virginia.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Circuit Court of Hopewell, Virginia, for reconsideration in light of
Griffin v. Illinois, 351 U.S. 12. Opinion per curiam.
No. 647, Misc. Donald Allen Bentley, Jr., petitioner, v. Alaska.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme of Alaska. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Alaska for reconsideration in light of Douglas v. California,
372 U.S. 353, Lane v. Brown, 372 U.S. 477, and Draper et al. v. Wash-
ington et al., 372 U.S. 487. Opinion per curiam.
No. 648, Misc. Donald Allen Bentley, Jr., petitioner, v. Alaska.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Alaska for reconsideration in light of Brady v.
Maryland, No. 490, October Term, 1962, decided by May 13, 1963, and
Mooney v. Holohan, 294, U.S. 103. Opinion per curiam.
No. 754, Misc. Stanley Howard Peterson, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for a hearing on the issue of whether petitioner was denied
the assistance of counsel at the time he entered his plea of guilty.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 1003, Misc. Kenneth W. Scott, appellant, v. Pennsylvania.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1070, Misc. Robert H. Briggs, appellant, v. Louisiana State
Bar Association, Committee on Bar Admissions. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial Federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 1378, Misc. Joseph N. Bollettieri, appellant, v. New York.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New York, Oneida County. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
360
No. 460. WMCA, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Caroline K. Simon,
Secretary of State of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 507. James P. Wesberry, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Carl E.
Sanders, etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Georgia. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 554. The Maryland Committee for Fair Representation et al.,
appellants, v. J. Millard Tawes, Governor, et al. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of Maryland. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 797. Levin Nock Davis, Secretary, State Board of Elections,
et al., appellants, v. Harrison Mann et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 950. Yvette M. Wright et al., appellants, v. Nelson A. Rocke-
feller, Governor of New York, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 508. B. A. Reynolds, etc., et al., appellants, v. M. O. Sims et al.;
No. 540. David J. Vann and Robert S. Vance, appellants, v. Bettye
Frink, Secretary of State of the State of Alabama, et al.; and
No. 610. John W. McConnell, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Bettye
Frink, Secretary of State of Alabama, et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are consolidated and
a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 748. James Russell Robinson et al., appellants, v. Florida.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 993. United States, appellant, v. Ward Baking Co., et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Florida. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case placed
on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 90. Charles F. Barr et al., petitioners, v. City of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Caro-
lina granted and case placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
361
No. 159. Simon Bouie and Talmadge J. Neal, petitioners, v. City of
Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 167. Robert Mack Bell et al., petitioners, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 921. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fruit &
Vegetable Packers & Warehousemen, Local 760, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit granted and a total of one and one-half
hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 1053. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Servette,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit granted and a total of one and one-half
hours allowed for oral argument. Case set for oral argument immedi-
ately following No. 921.
No. 583, Misc. Waldo Kent Ferguson and Robert Lowell Rogers,
petitioners, v. United States. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 775, Misc. Winston Massiah, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 686. Ralph R. Benson, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 908. Bernhard Rosee, petitioner, v. The Board of Trade of the
City of Chicago, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 924. Wellington Equity Fund et al., petitioners, v. Ralph J.
Taussig et ux., etc.; and
No. 1033. Ralph J. Taussig et ux., petitioners, v. Wellington
Equity Fund, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1032. George A. Lee, petitioner, v. Western Wool Processors,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
362
No. 1043. Johnny Walker, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1047. The Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The Independent Soap Workers of Sacramento, Calif. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1048. Harry G. Silverstein, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1049. George Seidman, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1051. Benjamin Ritholz, petitioner, v. Richard B. Ogilvie,
Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois, etc. Petition for writ of certorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1052. Anthony Sirimarco, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1054. Charles LaCamera, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, West-
tern District, denied.
No. 1055. Nathan Carl Schwartz, petitioner, v. Heyden Newport
Chemical Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1056. Trumbull Asphalt Company of Delaware, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1057. Appleton Electric Company, petitioner, v. John M.
Janecko. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 1063. Wm. H. Simmons, petitioner, v. Washington, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 909. Vernon L. Pepersack, Warden, Maryland Penitentiary,
petitioner, v. Leonard Hall, Jr. Motion of respondent for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 978. Richard Sylvia, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
363
No. 1014. Reverend George Burdikoff et al., petitioners, v. The
Russian Orthodox Greek Catholic St. Peter and St. Paul's Church of
Lorain, Ohio, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Ohio, Lorain County, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1041. General Electric Company et al., petitioners, v. Public
Service Company of New Mexico et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this petition.
No. 1046. Metro M. Holovachka, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 660, Misc. L. T. McKee, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 852, Misc. Robert R. Hyde, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 922, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. Washington et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 926, Misc. Mordko David Jurkiewicz, petitioner, v. Andrew
Jordan, etc., District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Serv-
ice, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 929, Misc. Robert W. Phillips, petitioner, v. William R. Nash.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 930, Misc. Ralph E. Doty, petitioner, v. Presiding Judge of
District Court of Wright County, Iowa. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 939, Misc. Reginald C. Jackson, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 943, Misc. Isadore Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 945, Misc. Perry W. Moore, etc., petitioner, v. William C.
Holman, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Alabama denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
364
No. 963, Misc. Michael Kane, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 996, Misc. Larry West Shipley, petitioner, v. Oregon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 1030, Misc. Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1041, Misc. Bernice Stevens, petitioner, v. Continental Can
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1043, Misc. Arthur Leslie Price, petitioner, v. Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1069, Misc. Ben McBride, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 1076, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1092, Misc. Rudolph Powers, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1099, Misc. William Stevens, Jr., etc., petitioner, v. North-
western National Casualty Co. of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1120, Misc. Floyd Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1121, Misc. Leonard Goforth, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1138, Misc. Louis Sammarco, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1139, Misc. Rose Florence May, petitioner, v. Fidelity and
Deposit Company of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1144, Misc. Alcie Fletcher, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1151, Misc. Bernard Rohrlich, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1155, Misc. James Mallory, petitioner, v. Frederick G.
Reincke, Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
365
No. 1162, Misc. Robert De Meulenaere et al., petitioners, v. Rock-
well Manufacturing Co., et al. Petition for write of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1165, Misc. David McDonald, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1166, Misc. Willie Toler, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1171, Misc. Donald R. Nemire, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1174, Misc. Kaiser Williams, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 1191, Misc. Everett George Fritzberg, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections of Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1192, Misc. Victor Fonseca, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1196, Misc. Antonio Diaz Gomez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1201, Misc. Chester Wilson, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 1203, Misc. John Crawley, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 1204, Misc. Robert William Losieau, petitioner, v. Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 1206, Misc. Charles Trailor, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1212, Misc. Richard Browne, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1215, Misc. David L. Elder, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1216, Misc. James David Green, petitioner, v. Dr. George
Beto, Director, Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ
"

་!
MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
366
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1218, Misc. Edward Tillman, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 1219, Misc. Gene Gordon Davenport, petitioner, v. Califor-
nia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Califor-
nia denied.
No. 1221, Misc. Richard Thompson, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 1225, Misc. David Almeida, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 1229, Misc. Andrew E. Pope, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1231, Misc. William Strickland, petitioner, v. David N.
Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 1233, Misc. Thomas Edward McDaniel, petitioner, v. New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 1234, Misc. Robert Clayton, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1238, Misc. Frank Howard Ottey, petitioner, v. W. K. Cun-
ningham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1241, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1249, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. John E. Hoover,
Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1283, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
367
No. 1243, Misc. Lee Howard Duke, petitioner, v. Superintendent,
State Hospital No. 1. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1247, Misc. Charles L. Thornton, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1252, Misc. John W. Ricks, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1254, Misc. Joseph Gaito, petitioner, v. Arthur T. Prasse,
Commissioner of Correction, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1255, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1259, Misc. Morris Ruckle, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1260, Misc. Barney Patrick Bennett, petitioner, v. Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County of
Illinois denied.
No. 1263, Misc. Jorge Colon Montes, petitioner, v. David M. Her-
itage, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1284, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1291, Misc. Vincenzo Cirillo, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1304, Misc. Richard E. Leigh, petitioner, v. Edward W. Gar-
rett, Chief Probation Officer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 1326, Misc. Robert Terry, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1340, Misc. Sherwood Edwards, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 1352, Misc. Sammy Aire Tucker, petitioner, v. Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
"

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
368
No. 1354, Misc. Robert Hendrickson, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
State Board of Parole. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 1377, Misc. Ronald Lee Wolfe, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1211, Misc. Calvin Lowell Waldon, petitioner, v. Iowa. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa and for other
relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1170, Misc. Sebron Dandy, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, Graterford, Pennsyl-
vania. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 766, Misc. Glenn A. Leamer, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution;
No. 984, Misc. William L. Anderson, petitioner, v. William C.
Holman, Warden;
No. 1007, Misc. Dewey D. Hamlin, petitioner, v. California;
No. 1175, Misc. Doyle Terry, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson,
Warden; and
No. 1439, Misc. Carl W. Thomas, petitioner, v. David M. Heri-
tage, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 1028, Misc. Peter Barnackie, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary, et al. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1442, Misc. In the Matter of James Wilson, petitioner; and
No. 1448, Misc. In the Matter of James Wilson, petitioner. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 871. Progress Development Corporation, petitioner, v. Deer-
field Park District;
No. 878. Harold C. Foreman et ux., appellants, v. City of Belle-
fontaine ;

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1963
369
No. 844, Misc. Joseph F. Bent, Jr., petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 857, Misc. Thomas O. Spampinato, petitioner, v. City of New
York et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 809. Milton M. Karpel, appellant, v. California. Motion to
dispense with printing petition for rehearing granted. Petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 960. Joyce Farnady Lucas, petitioner, v. State Farm Mutual
Automobile Insurance Company et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 17,
1963, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 17, 1963, at 10 o'clock.

650278-63—96
FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1963
370
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
-.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. John R. Salter et al., petitioners, v. City of Jackson. The
petition for stay and dissolution of an injunction issued by a state
court submitted to Mr. Justice Black, and by him submitted to the full
Court, and after due consideration is denied by the Court.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1414, Misc. Clarence Edward Ashley, petitioner, v. Califor-
nia. The application for a stay having been presented to Mr. Justice
Douglas was presented by him to the Court and denied by the Court.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
371
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
J. Edward Day, of Los Angeles, Calif., William V. Kane, of
Washington, D.C., Richmond M. Flowers, of Montgomery, Ala.,
Randolph G. Lurie, of Montgomery, Ala., Wolf Harry Stern, of
Bellflower, Calif., Robert P. Rosin, of Sarasota, Fla., Donald R. Ford,
of Warren, Ohio, Lynn B. Griffith, Jr., of Warren, Ohio, David
Miller Griffith, of Warren, Ohio, David F. McLain, of Warren, Ohio,
Kenneth G. Weinberg, of Cleveland, Ohio, Sylvia A. Bacon, of Water-
town, S. Dak., Jon David Totz, of Houston, Tex., Daniel Tobias
Franklin, of Washington, D.C., Albert J. Horrell, of Chicago, Ill.,
William J. Mulligan, of Milwaukee, Wis., and Bernard S. Goldfarb,
of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; Guy N. Henninger, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Roman
L. Hruska; Procter Hug, Jr., of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Howard
W. Cannon; Le Grand A. Rouse, II, of Spartanburg, S.C., on motion
of Mr. Olin D. Johnston; John Edward Rooney, of Tulsa, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Ed Edmondson; Ivan Argire Lebamoff, of Fort Wayne,
Ind., on motion of Mr. E. Ross Adair; Leo W. Haley, of Orlando,
Fla., and Curtis B. Goff, of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Claude
D. Pepper; Myron N. Krotinger, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Morton L.
Stone, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; John
E. Bush, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Daniel
E. Sell, of Bronxville, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering;
William Warner McNeilly, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of
Mr. Wiley S. Messick; John Paul Jones, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind.,
Maurice R. Petit, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Hugh A. Thornburg, of
Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. F. Joseph Donohue; Charles
K. Reasonover, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dominick
Manoli; William Anthony Burke, of Lynnfield, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Daniel T. Coughlin; Peter Brockway Walker, of Westgate, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Wallace Haynes Walker; Charles Frederick Steele,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. F. Gerald Toye; Donald
Michael Dunn, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. J. Kenneth
Campbell; Maurice Levy, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Carl Eardley; George W. Marti, of Saginaw, Mich., on motion
650278-63-97

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
372
of Mr. Carl G. Moore; Bernard Fried, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Edward Lee Gilmore; Douglas L. McGuire, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Robert H. Law III; David Laurence McIntosh, of
Florence, S.C., on motion of Mr. Frank K. Sloane; Edwin S. Mc-
Keown, of Piedmont, Calif., on motion of Mr. Cornelius B. Kennedy;
Walter P. Lukens, of San Francisco, Calif., and Myrl R. Scott, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. George S. Prough; Joseph Ottokar
Kostner, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Robert
Cecil Brown, of Arcadia, Calif., on motion of Mr. Donal E. McCarthy;
Sydney L. Chandler, of Coos Bay, Oreg., on motion of Mr. James
Thaddeus Clark; Robert V. Schnabel, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. N. Meyer Baker; John Burns Hausner, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. John T. Casey; Andrew Given Tobias Moore II,
of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Ernest J. White; Dudley H.
Chapman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas O. Lawson;
William Morris Stull, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. J.
Irving Stineman; William E. Recktenwald, of Michigan City, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Morris Fidelman; Milton Lorenzo McGhee, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clement T. Cooper; John C. Leary,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Samuel J. L'Hommedieu, Jr.;
William H. Horkan, of Falls Church, Va., and George Edward Rivers,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert John Skahan; Henry P.
Sailer, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Hugh B. Cox; Thomas
M. Haderlein, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski,
Jr.; Chas. E. Connor, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
George E. Reed; and Joseph Redwine Patterson, of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Benjamin Edward Pickering, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 248. George K. Rosenberg, District Director, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. George Fleuti. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of California for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice White
join.
No. 39. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States; and
No. 293. Jose Maria Gastelum-Quinones, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General of the United States. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
1

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
373
Columbia Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White with
whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart
join.
No. 392. Agnes K. Head, d/b/a Lea County Publishing Co., et al.,
appellants, v. New Mexico Board of Examiners in Optometry. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of New Mexico. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart announced by Mr. Justice White.
Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan.
No. 83. United States, appellant, v. The Philadelphia National
Bank et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the District Court with directions to enter judgment en-
joining the proposed merger. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart
joins. Memorandum opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Mr. Justice
White took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 401. United States for the Use of H. W. Moseley, d/b/a Mose-
ley Plumbing and Heating Company, petitioner, v. Electronic & Mis-
sile Facilities, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions that it remand
the case to the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Georgia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Stewart would affirm the judgment substantially for the reasons stated
in Chief Judge Tuttle's opinion for the Court of Appeals. 306 F. 2d
554.
No. 438. United States, appellant, v. The Singer Manufacturing
Company. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court for the entry of an appropriate decree
in accordance with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 142. School District of Abington Township, Pennsylvania, et
al., appellants, v. Edward Lewis Schempp et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsyl-
vania; and

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
374
No. 119. William J. Murray III, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John N.
Curlett, President, et al,. Individually and Constituting the Board of
School Commissioners of Baltimore City. On writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Judgment in No. 142 affirmed.
Judgment in No. 119 reversed and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals of Maryland for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom
Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 526. Adell H. Sherbert, appellant, v. Charlie V. Verner et al.,
as Members of South Carolina Employment Security Commission
and Spartan Mills. Appeal from the Supreme Court of South
Carolina. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of South Carolina for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice White joins.
No. 35. Edward Yellin, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Indiana for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White
with whom Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Stewart join.
No. 464. United States, petitioner, v. Carlos Muniz and Henry
Winston. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 271. Maurice L. Davis, etc., petitioner, v. Romuald M. Soja,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. On the suggestion of mootness, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois with directions to dismiss the com-
plaint as moot. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
375
No. 520. Harlow Chamberlin et al., appellants, v. Dade County
Board of Public Instruction et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Florida. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Florida for further consideration in light of Murray v. Cur-
lett, No. 119, October Term, 1962, and School District of Abing-
ton Township v. Schempp, No. 142, October Term, 1962, both de-
cided today. Opinion per curiam.
No. 904. Cardinal Sporting Goods Company, Inc., et al., appel-
lant, v. Thomas F. Eagleton, Attorney General of Missouri, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Missouri. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri with direc-
tions to dismiss the complaint as moot. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1016. Charles W. Jamieson, appellant, v. Anthony J. Cele-
brezze, Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Appeal from
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Appeal
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 3, Misc. Thomas H. Davis, petitioner, v. William J. Banmil-
ler, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further consideration
in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 5, Misc. Minnie Robinson, Alfred Henderson, et al., appel-
lant, v. George Hunter, Trailways Bus Company, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 10, Misc. Adolfo Guzman Regalado, petitioner, v. California
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded for further consideration in light of Ker v. California, No.
53, October Term, 1962, decided June 10, 1963, and McDonald v.
United States, 335 U.S. 451. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Har-
lan concurs in the result.
No. 48, Misc. Hayward Tempy Dearhart, Jr., petitioner, v. Vir-
ginia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
650278-63— -98

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
376
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for
further consideration in light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dis-
sent for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinions in Douglas v.
California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 135, Misc. Charlie Harris, petitioner, v. California et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of California for further consideration in light of
Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in
their dissenting opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 180, Misc. Thilbert Walker, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Louisiana for further consideration in
light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 485, Misc. Betty Jean Daniels, et al., petitioners, v. Virginia
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for further
consideration in light of Peterson v. City of Greenville, No. 71, Octo-
ber Term, 1962, decided May 20, 1963. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Harlan concurs in the result on the premises stated in his sepa-
rate opinion in Peterson v. City of Greenville, supra, and Avent v.
North Carolina, No. 11, October Term, 1962, decided May 20,
1963.
No. 649, Misc. Mack Cephus Jones, petitioner, v. California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, for further consideration in light of
Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated
in their dissenting opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 694, Misc. Fred Scott, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in

"Court
Appe
MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
377
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. In light
of the suggestion of the Solicitor General, judgment vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court-for-the-District of
Columbia for reconsideration of the request for a transcript of record.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 712, Misc. Charles C. Laughner, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 716, Misc. Robert Louis Bone, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri for further consideration in light of
Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S. 1. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan would deny certiorari on the
basis of their dissent in Sanders v. United States, 373 U.S. —.
No. 745, Misc. Hayward T. Dearhart, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia for further
consideration in light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353, and
Burns v. Ohio, 360 U.S. 252. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Harlan concur in the result.
No. 751, Misc. John Paul Herb, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections, Florida. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v.
Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 780, Misc. Francis C. Holmes, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
378
No. 788, Misc. Harold L. Palmer, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari grant-
ed. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 810, Misc. Allen Baxley, Jr., petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. On motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis granted. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as
a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to Supreme
Court of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wain-
wright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 871, Misc. Cecil D. Mays, petitioner, v. California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of California for further consideration in light
of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in
their dissenting opinions in Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 872, Misc. Donald R. Head, petitioner, v. California. On
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied. Treating the
papers submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District,
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, for further con-
sideration in light of Douglas v. California, 372 U.S. 353. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the
reasons stated in their dissenting opinions in Douglas v. California,
372 U.S. 358, 360.
No. 884, Misc. Van R. Paige, petitioner, v. North Carolina. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina for further consideration in light
Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 901, Misc. John Harold Bryant, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave to

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
379
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida
for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S.
335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 934, Misc. William Tyler Bradley, appellant, v. Iowa. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Iowa. The appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 979, Misc. Thomas J. Auflick, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. On motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis granted. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1113, Misc. Agustin Flores Chavez, appellant, v. California.
Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District. The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers where-
on the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1136, Misc. Samuel Kovner, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections, Florida. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Florida for further consideration in light of Gideon v. Wainwright,
372 U.S. 335. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1285, Misc. Robert B. Traub, petitioner, v. Connecticut. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut for further
consideration in light of Wong Sun v. United States, 371 U.S. 471,
and Ker v. California, No. 53, October Term, 1962, decided June
10, 1963. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1348, Misc. Ralph G. Acuff, appellant, v. Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 1372, Misc. Robert Karl Sidener, appellant, v. California.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. The appeal is dis-
650278-63-99

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
380
missed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. John Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. California. The motion
the appointment of counsel is denied.
No. 8, Original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. The motion of the State of California for an extension
of time to file a petition for rehearing is granted and the time is ex-
tended to September 16, 1963. It is ordered that the time for the
submission of a proposed decree fixed by the opinion of this Court of
June 3, 1963, be extended for a period of thirty days thereafter or
following the action of the Court on any petition for rehearing sub-
mitted by the State of California. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration of decision of this motion and order.
No. 26. William L. Griffin et al., petitioners, v. Maryland. The
motion of petitioners to remove this case from the summary calendar
is denied.
No. 65. Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company, petitioner, v. United
States. The judgment of this Court is recalled and a new judgment
shall issue assessing costs in this Court against the United States, with
directions to the District Court to assess the costs below and interest
as that court shall order in accordance with the statute.
No. 403. Banco Nacional de Cuba, petitioner, v. Peter L. F. Sabba-
tino, etc., et al. This case is placed on the summary calendar. The
motion of Compania Azucarera Vertientes-Camaguey de Cuba for
leave to file briefs in support of the motion to substitute and on the
merits and for leave to participate in oral argument on the merits is
granted, and counsel for that party are allowed thirty additional
minutes for oral argument. Counsel for the respondents are allowed
a total of one hour for oral argument.
Petitioner
No. 606. The New York Times Company, petitioner, v. L. B. Sulli-
van; and
No. 609. Ralph D. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. L. B. Sullivan.
The motion of American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief,
as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 1135. John Brenton Preston, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for the appointment of counsel is granted and it is ordered
that Francis M. Shea, Esquire of Washington, District of Columbia,
a member of the Bar of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to
serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 1170. Waldo Kent Ferguson and Robert Lowell Rogers, peti-
tioners, v. United States. The motion for the appointment of counsel

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
381
is granted and it is ordered that A. Kenneth Pye, Esquire, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, a member of the Bar of this Court be,
and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for petitioners in this
case.
No. 415, Misc. Wayne Marlin Peterson, petitioner, v. Allen Cir-
cuit Court, et al. The motion to reopen is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 590. United States, appellant, v. First National Bank and
Trust Company of Lexington et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 746. A. L. Mechling Barge Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
United States et al.; and
No. 747. Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, appellant, v.
United States et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed
for oral argument.
No. 1071. General Motors Corporation, appellant, v. Washington
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington. The motions
of The National Association of Manufacturers of the United States
of America; Magazine Publishers Association, Inc.; Electronic In-
dustries Association; National Coal Association; and Automobile
Manufacturing Association, Inc., for leave to file briefs, as amicus
curiae, are granted. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1084. Samuel Reisman et al., d/b/a Trammell, Rand & Nathan,
petitioners, v. Hon. Mortimer M. Caplin et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 996. Local Union No. 721, United Packinghouse, Food and
Allied Workers, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Needham Packing Com-
pany, d/b/a Sioux City Dressed Beef. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 1010. Compco Corporation, petitioner, v. Day-Brite Lighting,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
382
No. 1064. Hon. Casper Platt, Chief Judge, United States District
Court, Eastern District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Minnesota Mining
and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1020. Sears, Roebuck and Co., petitioner, v. The Stiffel Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar. It is set for argument immediately following No.
1010.
No. 746, Misc. Joseph Lyle Stoner, petitioner, v. California.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, granted. Review is limited to the question of whether
evidence was admitted which had been obtained by an unlawful search
and seizure. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 811, Misc. Floyd Charles Fallen, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on
the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 172. Ove Gustavsson Contracting Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
Franklin G. Floete, as Administrator of General Services Admin-
istration, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 500. School Board of the City of Charlottesville, Virginia, et
al., petitioners, v. Doris Dillard et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 697. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner v.
Nadine Payne, Administratrix of the Estate of Ralph T. Payne. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 745. Pearl G. Martufi, petitioner, v. Robert C. Fraser. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 883. Statni Banka Ceskoslovenska, petitioner, v. Edwin B.
Wolchok, as Receiver of Zivnostenska Banka. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
383
No. 893. Kenneth Alonzo Tatum, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas de-
nied.
No. 895. William Fisher, petitioner, v. City of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 913. William J. Banmiller, Warden, Eastern State Peniten-
tiary of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Anthony Scoleri. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 945. Jack and Celia Farber, petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1017. Jan Emil Donato, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1044. Harold Wapnick, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1074. James LaFazia et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1058. Ernestine Greene, petitioner, v. Immigration and Natu-
ralization Service, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1059. Peter S. Sarelas, petitioner, v. George W. Alexander et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois,
First District, denied.
No. 1061. Union Obreros Cerveceria Corona, petitioner, v. Fran-
cisco Medina Vega. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 1062. Seafarers International Union of North America, At-
lantic, Gulf, Lakes and Inland Waters District, Puerto Rico Division,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Freddy Castro. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 1065. Halliburton Company et al., petitioners, v. Norton Drill-
ing Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Pe-
No. 1066. Paul A. Gorin et al., petitioners, v. United States.
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 1067. Maier Brewing Company et al., petitioners, v. Fleisch-
mann Distilling Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
650278-63- -100

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
384
No. 1068. Victor Main, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District,
denied.
No. 1072. Julian Quintero, petitioner, v. Sinclair Refining Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1073. W. R. Sikes, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Thomas C. Rut-
land, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1075. Tennessean Newspapers, Inc., petitioner, v. Robert G.
Venn. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1076. Procter & Gamble Independent Union of Port Ivory,
N.Y., petitioner, v. The Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1079. Burton C. Bovard, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1080. Orion J. Litzinger, petitioner, v. The Publitzer Publish-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 1082. States Marine Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Mari-
time Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1083. Finley McAdoo Painter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1086. M. A. Holahan, Trustee, petitioner, v. Russell Jackson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1087. Shaw-Barton, Inc., petitioner, v. John Baumgarth Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1088. John B. Bailey, petitioner, v. Sandell, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Fifth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1097. Samuel James, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1114. Jerome Gross, petitioner, v. JFD Manufacturing Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
385
No. 1115. Donald L. Duncan, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
denied.
No. 1121. Willow Farms Dairy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Orville
L. Freeman, Secretary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1069. Imparato Stevedoring Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States Lines Company. The motion of The National Association of
Stevedores for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 11, Misc. John Willoughby, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 12, Misc. Joey Anthony Aleria, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 594, Misc. Dan Coffman, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 646, Misc. Burton N. Pugach, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tititon for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 698, Misc. Edward E. McHenry, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 704, Misc. James S. Smith, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 715, Misc. John David Bryant, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 728, Misc. Raymond Lee Muench, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 757, Misc. John R. Vandever, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Jef-
ferson County, Illinois, denied.
No. 759, Misc. Lonnie Warden, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 785, Misc. George F. Martin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
386
No. 786, Misc. Floyd Eugene Gauthier, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 829, Misc. Elijah Jackson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tin for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 830, Misc. Charles Schaffer and Raymond Chalmers, peti-
tioners, v. Delaware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Delaware denied.
No. 842, Misc. Alex A. Popeko, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 848, Misc. Henry Taul McDonald, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 883, Misc. Alfred Edward Sailer, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 885, Misc. H. J. Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 908, Misc. John Cooper, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 910, Misc. George F. Martin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 911, Misc. Jerry Grabina, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 923, Misc. Lee Daniels, Jr., petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 927, Misc. Odus Douglas, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 936, Misc. Robert Gray, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 952, Misc. John Lawrence Welch, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 965, Misc. Joseph W. Parry-Hill, petitioner, v. Honorable
Joseph C. McGarraghy, Judge, United States District Court for the

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
387
District of Columbia. Petition of writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 969, Misc. John Edward Crockard, petitioner, v. Hon. W.
Wallace Kent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 982, Misc. Freddie Robinson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 992, Misc. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. J. C. Taylor,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 998, Misc. Carlos Matos, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Term of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Department, denied.
No. 1000, Misc. William Thomas Shields, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1026, Misc. James H. Antipas, petitioner, v. Paul F. Pegelow,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1066, Misc. John Robert Sawyer, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1068, Misc. Walter Kuchta et al., petitioners, v. James B.
Rice et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 1072, Misc. Alexander J. Woykovsky, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1081, Misc. James M. X. Dykes, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1083, Misc. Walter Mark Flanagan, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1084, Misc. Doneral Patterson, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1089, Misc. Jesus Arellano-Flores, petitioner, v. George K.
Rosenberg, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Serv-
ice. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
388
No. 1093, Misc. Burton N. Pugach, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1095, Misc. George Angelet, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1101, Misc. Robert W. Gordan, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1104, Misc. Homer J. Dean, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1114, Misc. Ronald Hicks, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 1135, Misc. John Acosta Alvarado, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1137, Misc. Jacque H. Sorey, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1141, Misc. Edward H. Doyle, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1149, Misc. Thaddeus E. Tansimore, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1164, Misc. Harlan Ray Levey, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1167, Misc. Sylvester Howard, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1176, Misc. Calvin, Tyson, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 1177, Misc. Maurice N. Whittington, petitioner, v. Dale C.
Cameron, Superintendent, Saint Elizabeths Hospital. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1179, Misc. Stephen Kalec, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
389
No. 1183, Misc. Fred Jenkins, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1195, Misc. James E. Berry, petitioner, v. Donald C. Clem-
mer, District Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1200, Misc. Harry Vogelstein, etc., petitioner, v. National
Screen Service Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1202, Misc. Dallas O. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1205, Misc. Isaac Davenport, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1207, Misc. Gordon Leon Contee, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1210, Misc. Kentha Earl McDowell, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1213, Misc. Vernon Sides, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 1228, Misc. Daniel Lynch Vidal, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1232, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. John W. Macy,
Chairman, United States Civil Service Commission, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1244, Misc. Leon E. Cook, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1245, Misc. Richard L. Christensen, petitioner, v. Erwin C.
Hagedorn, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1246, Misc. Woodrow W. Gainey, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1264, Misc. Fred Blume, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
390
No. 1267, Misc. James McCants, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1269, Misc. Robert M. Lee, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1272, Misc. Frank Edwards, petitioner, v. Walter M. Wal-
lack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York denied.
No. 1273, Misc. Norman Brabson, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1274, Misc. Clayborne Bynum, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1275, Misc. Homer Neal, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1276, Misc. Robert De Louize, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1278, Misc. Edward James, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 1280, Misc. Daniel Castano, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1281, Misc. Maurice N. Whittington, petitioner, v. Sam A.
Anderson, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1282, Misc. Mary D. Irby, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1286, Misc. Carl E. Holtz, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1288, Misc. Frances Leonore Holt, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 1289, Misc. Lawrence Scott, petitioner, v. District of Colum-
bia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
391
No. 1290, Misc. William Collier, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1292, Misc. Herman Rucker, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1294, Misc. Robert W. Clay, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1295, Misc. Otto W. Sparks, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1298, Misc. Steve Casias, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1303, Misc. Vincent E. Ortega, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 1305, Misc. Miles Raymond Baggett, petitioner, v. Martin J.
Wiman, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1306, Misc. James Mitchell, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1307, Misc. Calvin Bell, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1309, Misc. Henry Hawthorne, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1310, Misc. Isadore Olshen, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1311, Misc. H. Clay Hughes, Jr., petitioner, v. John W.
Turner, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Utah denied.
No. 1312, Misc. Robert C. Kessinger, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Oklahoma denied.
No. 1313, Misc. Alvin J. Darnell, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 1314, Misc. Earl Sexton, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
392
No. 1315, Misc. Albert Young, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of West Virginia denied.
No. 1316, Misc. James Hartless, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1318, Misc. George K. Colbert, Sr., petitioner, v. Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Pe-
No. 1319, Misc. Philip P. Colon, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1325, Misc. Charles Clemons, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1327, Misc. Everett R. Abbott, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1328, Misc. Henry Sliva, petitioner, v. A. T. Rundle, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 1331, Misc. Fred Davis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1332, Misc. Vincent Astor Williams, petitioner, v. J. E. La-
Vallee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York denied.
No. 1334, Misc. Ernest Joseph Mills, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tins-
ley, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1336, Misc. Richard Eugene Sires, petitioner, v. W. R. Cole,
Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1338, Misc. Robert Luther Hooper, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1339, Misc. Manfredo Correa, etc., petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York,
New York County, denied.
No. 1341, Misc. Jack Rainsberger, petitioner, v. Ralph Lamb,
Sheriff, Clark County, Nevada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
393
No. 1343, Misc. Royce Alfred Perry, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1344, Misc. Ben Hitchcock, petitioner, v. Arizona. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1346, Misc. Jesse James Jackson, petitioner, v. L. L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections of Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1350, Misc. David Hampton Puckett, petitioner, v. North
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 1351, Misc. William G. Clark, petitioner, v. William F. Mat-
tingly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1353, Misc. Vairee McCartney, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1356, Misc. John Grimaldi, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1357, Misc. Henry E. Cipolla, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1359, Misc. John B. White, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1360, Misc. Isaac Bud Wilson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1361, Misc. William Steele, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1362, Misc. Sam Amato, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1363, Misc. Ronald J. Sadness, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wil-
kins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1366, Misc. Jimmie Schwartz, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
394
No. 1368, Misc. Fred Guadalupe Trujillo, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1369, Misc. Walter Hall, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1370, Misc. Ernest E. Crume, Jr., petitioner, v. Dr. George
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1371, Misc. Robert Campbell, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1373, Misc. Bruce Wayne Harvey, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1375, Misc. Theodis Woods, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1376, Misc. Martin X. Sostre, petitioner, v. Walter H.
Wilkins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1379, Misc. Charles Edward Jackson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1382, Misc. Ralph P. Forbes, petitioner, v. City of Phila-
delphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1383, Misc. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, peti-
tioners, v. Washington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1384, Misc. William Petersen, petitioner, v. J. E. LaVallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1385, Misc. John Ray, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1386, Misc. Theodore Miller, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1387, Misc. Emil J. Zilka, petitioner, v. Sanctis Construction,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania, Western District, denied.
No. 1388, Misc. B. J. McCabe, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
395
No. 1390, Misc. John Lee Ikerd, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1392, Misc. Ramon Alday, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arizona denied.
No. 1393, Misc. Walter Bozeyowski, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1394, Misc. Steven K. Lynch, petitioner, v. Washington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 1396, Misc. Frederick B. Zimmer, petitioner, v. Harold V.
Langlois, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Rhode Island denied.
No. 1397, Misc. Harold Rohr, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1398, Misc. Charles Withers, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.
No. 1399, Misc. Robert Pearson, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1400, Misc. Calvin Williams, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1402, Misc. John V. Franklin, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 1404, Misc. James G. McCloskey, petitioner, v. Director, Pa-
tuxent Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1405, Misc. Herbert Parker, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1406, Misc. George H. Hornbeck, petitioner, v. Walter H.
Wilkins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York denied.
No. 1408, Misc. George Steven Yarbray, petitioner, v. Dr. George
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1409, Misc. George A. Gordon, etc., petitioner, v. Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
396
No. 1410, Misc. Michael C. Griffin, petitioner, v. Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1411, Misc. Edward J. Kern, petitioner, v. William J. Ban-
miller, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western
District, denied.
No. 1412, Misc. Willy S. Crider, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 1413, Misc. Roland J. Jackson, petitioner, v. Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1415, Misc. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, peti-
tioners, v. Washington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1416, Misc. Willis S. Cournow, petitioner, v. W. K. Cunning-
ham, Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 1418, Misc. Angel Diaz, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of Certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 1420, Misc. Frank Bisignano, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1421, Misc. Joseph A. Weiss, petitioner, v. Emerich Hunna.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1422, Misc. Vernal F. Seymour, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1423, Misc. James A. Raburn, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1424, Misc. Harvey Lee Eubanks, petitioner, v. Clarence T.
Gladden, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oregon denied.
No. 1425, Misc. Kenneth Roberts, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1428, Misc. William Steve Adams, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
397
No. 1430, Misc. Arthur Eugene Allen, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 1431, Misc. Chester L. Mohler, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1434, Misc. Alfred Lewis, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1435, Misc. Robert Wood, petitioner, v. J. F. Maroney, Su-
perintendent, Western State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western
District, denied.
No. 1437, Misc. Commodore Reed, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1438, Misc. Norman Brown, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1441, Misc. Alfonso Cepeda, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1443, Misc. Floyd Smith, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1445, Misc. David Mann, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1446, Misc. Roy Lee Beeler, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee, Middle Division, denied.
No. 1450, Misc. Bland Williams, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1454, Misc. Walter David Greene, Jr., petitioner, v. George
Kropp, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 1456, Misc. William Leon Paul, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1460, Misc. Gertrude Potts, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
Division, denied.
No. 1461, Misc. Clifton H. Cox, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
Bi

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
398
No. 1467, Misc. Minniola O. Miller, petitioner, v. Ufa E. Guthrie.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut denied.
No. 1472, Misc. Johnny Harper, petitioner, v. William H. Ban-
nan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1481, Misc. Thomas Williams, petitioner, v. William C. Hol-
man, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Alabama denied.
No. 1503, Misc. David De La O, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1523, Misc. Charles E. Lawrenson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 840, Misc. David Jennings, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1365, Misc. Andrew Kapsalis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1178, Misc. Clarence E. Whaley, petitioner, v. John D. Kirby
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1256, Misc. Irvin C. Scarbeck, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1322, Misc. Richard C. Collins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this petition.
No. 1300, Misc. Larry C. Glouser, petitioner, v. F. E. Van Alstine,
Clerk, United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit and for other relief denied.
No. 1333, Misc. Morton Sobell, petitioner v. United States. Mo-
tion for leave to use the record in Nos. 111 and 112, October Term,
1952, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and
petition.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
399
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1019, Misc. John N. Bristow, Jr., petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary;
1023
No. 1928, Misc. Jeremiah Petersen, petitioner, v. David M. Heri-
tage, Warden;
No. 1320, Misc. Rafael Rosario Melendez, petitioner, v. David N
Heritage, Warden;
No. 1342, Misc. Oscar Luis Rivera Lopez, petitioner, v. David M.
Heritage, Warden;
No. 1349, Misc. George H. Hornbeck, petitioner, v. New York
State Parole Board;
No. 1380, Misc. Justino Benitez Suarez, petitioner, v. David M.
Heritage, Warden;
No. 1381, Misc. Manuel Planellas Gonzalez, petitioner, v. David
M. Heritage, Warden;
No. 1449, Misc. Dallas O. Williams, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son et al.;
No. 1453, Misc. Andrew Lee Wells, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden:
No. 1457, Misc. Jesse Bonham, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1464, Misc. John Edward Reece, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary;
No. 1482, Misc. Earl Cantrell, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden;
No. 1514, Misc. Sylvester R. Winston, petitioner, v. Warden, U.S.
Penitentiary;
No. 1540, Misc. Orion T. Whiting, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Frank
Eudoff, U.S. Marshal, Baltimore, Md. ;
No. 1544, Misc. Clifford Folenius, petitioner, v. Beryle C. Sacks,
Warden, et al.; and
No. 1559, Misc. John D. Duncan, petitioner, v. Allan L. Robbins,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 1321, Misc. William P. Gregory, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other
relief denied.
No. 1299, Misc. Michael Heston, petitioner, v. Lamoyne Green,
Superintendent, Marion Correctional Institution;
No. 1324, Misc. Glen E. Crow, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden;
No. 1364, Misc. James Green, petitioner, v. New Jersey;

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
400
No. 1433, Misc. Joe Richard Bassett, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Ta-
hash, Warden;
No. 1495, Misc. Benjamin F. Matuzek, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden; and
No. 1549, Misc. Calvin, J. Cofield, petitioner, v. W. C. Holman,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 876, Misc. Joseph H. Milani, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1186, Misc. James C. White, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit et al.;
No. 1220, Misc. Vernon E. Goodson, petitioner, v. Tennessee ex
rel. Criminal Court of Shelby County;
No. 1230, Misc. Joseph W. DiSilvestro, petitioner, v. Hon.
Charles E. Clark et al., etc.;
No. 1345, Misc. Al Kobs, petitioner, v. Dr. Seybert Hott et al.;
No. 1426, Misc. Sanford E. Aday et al., petitioners, v. United
States District Court for the Western District of Michigan et al.;
No. 1427, Misc. Francis Marion Black, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections;
No. 1474, Misc. In the Matter of James Wilson, petitioner; and
No. 1492, Misc. John D. Machin, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Washington. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of man-
damus denied.
No. 1150, Misc. John Byers, petitioner, v. Hon. Jay S. Parker,
Chief Justice. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
and for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, appellant, v.
James S. Reily, Collector of Revenue, State of Louisiana;
No. 45. Florida Lime and Avocado Growers, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Charles Paul, Director of Department of Agriculture of California,
et al.;
No. 229. Frederico Marin Gutierrez, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corp.;
No. 305. A. J. Whipple et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
No. 877. Edgar I. Shott, Jr., appellant, v. Ohio;
No. 937. Illinois et al., appellants, v. United States, et al.;
401
No. 949. Flora Construction Company, appellant, v. United States
for the Use and Benefit of Grand Junction Steel Fabricating Co.,
et al.;
No. 977, Misc. Eugene L. Sturges, petitioner, v. California et al.;
No. 1024, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Honorable United
States Congress et al.; and
No. 1227, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Honorable Gov-
ernment of the United States of America; and
No. 1193, Misc. Jeannace June Freeman, petitioner, v. Oregon.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 84, October Term, 1960. Albert Martin Cohen, petitioner,
v. Denis M. Hurley. Motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 981, October Term, 1961. James O. McCue, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States. Motion for leave to file a petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this motion.
No. 97. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. Boston and Maine Railroad et al.; and
No. 98. Maryland Port Authority et al., appellants, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al.;
No. 99. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Boston and
Maine Railroad et al.; and
No. 1046. Metro M. Holovachka, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 884. Helbros Watch Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 958. Marcos Perez Jimenez, petitioner, v. Guy W. Hixon,
United States Marshal, etc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice White took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
No. 77, Misc. Bethel S. Stevenson, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 720, Misc. Daniel Jackson Oliver Wendel Holmes Morgan,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for a rehearing and for other
relief denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1963
402
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х