OCTOBER TERM, 1968
REFERENCE INDEX
CONTENTS:
Statistics_
Page
II
General
Rules_
Appeals___
II
III
III
Arguments_
IV
Attorneys_
V
Briefs__
V
Certiorari_
VI
Costs and Damages----
VII
Extraordinary Writs___
VII
Judgments, Opinions and Mandates_
VII
Original Cases_
☑
Parties_
ΧΙ
Records__
ΧΙ
Rehearings.
Stays and Bail..
Conclusion..
ΧΙ
ΧΙ
XII
379-111-70

II
STATISTICS
Original Appellate Miscella- Total
neous
Number of cases on dockets_
Cases disposed of ___
9
1,559
2,350
3,918
0
1,288
1,863
3,151
Remaining on dockets ____
9
271
487
767
Cases disposed of-Appellate Docket:
By written opinions_.
By per curiam opinions or orders_-
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merits cases).
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_.
Cases disposed of--Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinions----
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari.
By denial or withdrawal of other applications.
By granting of other applications___.
By per curiam dismissal of appeals-
---
By other per curiam opinions or orders.
By transfer to Appellate Docket..
Number of written opinions_
Number of printed per curiam opinions_
Number of petitions for certiorari granted (Appellate) --
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned (Appellate).
Number of admissions to bar…….
GENERAL:
Court convened October 7, 1968 and adjourned June 23,
1969.
President Nixon, Court met and adjourned for the purpose
of attending the Inauguration (January 20, 1969) -----
President Nixon's tribute to Chief Justice Warren on his
retirement (June 23, 1969)
Chief Justice Warren's response___
Eisenhower, Dwight D., President, Announcement of death
(March 31, 1969) and adjournment out of respect _____
Burger, Chief Justice, Commission read and oath taken ___
113
192
0
983
0
1,603
168
2
18
38
34
99
14
62
38
2,906
Page
199
447
449
297
451

III
GENERAL Continued
Correspondence between Court and Chief Justice Warren.
upon his retirement ____
Reed, J., Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Claims
Clark, J., Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit__.
Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals__.
Clark, J., Presented motion for admission.
Douglas, J., Court's tribute upon completion of thirty years
on Court__
Brennan, J., Temporarily assigned to First Circuit as
Circuit Justice _____
Fortas, J., Announcement of resignation (May 14, 1969) ––
Presentation of "The Occasional Papers of Mr. Justice
Burton" by William S. Burton and Chief Justice's ac-
knowledgment thereof__
Mitchell, John N., Attorney General, Presented and ad-
mitted to practice___
Page
452
242
242
323
310
326
399
368
368
216, 217
Court convened at 9:00 a.m. to hear argument on applica-
tion (647)
14, 67
Admissions, opinions and orders on Inauguration Day---- 191
Motion under 28 U.S.C. 455 suggesting disqualification of
Justice denied (1276) -
RULES:
392
Federal Rules of Procedure for United States Magistrates
prescribed (May 19, 1969) ---
375
APPEALS:
Dismissed (State) by Court two days after filing (Election
case re absentee ballots) (605).
Dismissed (State) for reason that "very doubtful if any
effective relief would be possible" (Absentee ballot case)
(605)
Argued and decided without noting jurisdiction (Election
cases) (543-544)_.
Dismissed (USDC) for failure to comply with Rule 13
(1)-Decree April 2; docketed October 16 (659) ……….
Dismissed (State) for want of a final judgment (738)….
Dismissed (State) without comment (914) ---
Dismissed (State) it appearing that the judgment below
rests upon an adequate state ground (945) -
Dismissed (State) for want of a "properly presented fed-
3
3
4, 63
133
164
219
250

IV
APPEALS Continued
eral question" (1029, 150).
Page
300, 391
Motion of appellant to dismiss appeal under Rule 14(1)
granted (No. -, United Telephone Company of Flor-
ida v. Mayo et al.).
ARGUMENTS:
Set for argument in stay order by Justice prior to conven-
ing of Court with approval of Court (543–544) --
Argument held on opening day of Court (Wallace-Ohio
election) (543–544) ---
Motion to advance and expedite hearing and disposition of
case denied upon representation of State of physical
impossibility to effectuate relief sought (620).
346
4
4
14
Motion to advance and expedite denied (647) --
68
Motion to advance granted (798, 997) ---
278
Motion to advance denied (2 Misc.) __.
426
Motion to "expedite review" denied (1539–1540) …….
438
Motion to expedite denied (2085 Misc., 2164 Misc., 2199
Misc.)
440
Motion to postpone oral argument denied (463)
Further consideration of suggestion of mootness postponed
to hearing on merits (138) --
221
209
In postponing jurisdiction, Court directed parties to express
their views as to whether there was presented a genuine
case or controversy (876)
317
13
Motion to preclude argument on question not in issue and
to clarify status of franchise of one party denied (19) --
Counsel requested to discuss in briefs and argument ques-
tion not presented in initial briefs (48) --
Set for reargument limited to certain questions not specified
in the original writ (201).
Timeliness of petition reserved for oral argument-Court
held time properly computed from date of decree and not
from date of opinion (394 U.S. 423) (273) --
15
155
,
155
16
Motion to remove case from summary calendar denied
(646)
Motion to remove case from summary calendar granted
(138, 622, 717) ----
165, 221, 278
Motion for leave to argue as amicus curiae denied (243) 155
Motion for two attorneys to argue granted (273) -
Motion to consolidate for argument denied (216)
Joint motion of appellants to enlarge time for argument
granted (580, 813) --
155
165
193

V
ARGUMENTS-Continued
Motion for rule to show cause why State Court Judge
should not be held in contempt of this Court set for
argument with expedited appeal on main case. Decision
postponed pending appropriate proceedings in USDC
(647)
Page
156, 291
Four cases consolidated and four hours allotted for argu-
ment "for these appeals and any other appeal taken from
the same judgment as to which jurisdiction may hereafter
be noted" (899, 942, 999, 1003).
Argument on Friday (647) -
Restored to calendar for reargument (528, 663, 477, 622,
163, 244, 269, 580, 813).
ATTORNEYS:
222
67
376, 392, 427
Suspension and rule to show cause issued. Resignation re-
ceived and accepted. Rule discharged (Edith Fischer
Lichota, 993 Misc.)
Suspension and rule to show cause issued. Disbarment of
Norman E. Sill (1700 Misc.) __
13,222
264, 362
Suspension and rule to show cause issued. (Thomas W.
Sullivan, 2000 Misc.)
Disbarment of Sol Rothbard (269 Misc.).
Counsel appointed (39, 74, 197, 198, 199, 642, 644, 670,
366, 413, 749, 297, 418, 453, 750, 662, 770, 974, 1084, 1099,
1064, 1192, 1406, 1474) --
346
221
13,
14, 97, 134, 135, 165, 166, 221, 278, 293, 301, 302, 361, 417, 440
Motion for "assistance of counsel" in in forma pauperis
case granted, and counsel appointed "to brief and argue"
the case (228) ---
Counsel appointed to brief and argue case, as amicus curiae,
in support of judgment below (488) --
Attorney challenging "plan" of CA-9 requiring appointed
attorneys to file certiorari if petitioner desires treated as
petition for certiorari and action thereon deferred-
matter referred to CA-9 for "consideration and action"
(No. , Malagon-Ramirez v. United States) -
Motion for leave for two attorneys to participate in oral
argument granted (620)
BRIEFS:
Attorney General of State (California) invited to file
amicus curiae brief expressing views of State (163) -----
209
209
220
278
14
379-111-70——2

VI
BRIEFS Continued
Attorney General of State (Ohio) invited to file brief
expressing views of State in case where local prosecutor
was counsel for State in this Court (492).
Solicitor General invited to file brief expressing views of
respondents with respect to applicability to these cases of
recent opinion (1036, 1059, 1060, 1067) --
Parties and Solicitor General, as amicus curiae, invited to
file further briefs on designated question in "argued"
case (436)
Page
112
440
311
Briefing schedule expedited in expedited case (647).
Time for filing briefs on merits in miscellaneous case fixed
(2 Misc.)
156
426
Request for acceleration of response to mandamus denied
without prejudice (N.Y. senatorial election) (1065
Misc.)
93
Motion to strike response to jurisdictional statement denied
(179)
9
Motion for leave to file brief after argument granted and
brief to be filed within 10 days (44) --
165
Motion to dispense with printing respondent's brief denied
(1074)
303
Motions to dispense with printing petitions for certiorari
denied and Clerk directed to proceed under Rule 39 (4) of
Rules (1113, 1115) -----
329
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief after argument
granted (622) --
361
Motion to join in amicus curiae brief granted (705) ----
Motion for leave to file amici curiae brief after argument
granted to extent of filing the brief already submitted
(642)
361
376
CERTIORARI:
133, 208, 390
Writ dismissed as improvidently granted (131, 74, 44,
39)
Writ dismissed for want of jurisdiction after argument.
Three justices voting to dismiss as improvidently
granted (76) -
299
Writ dismissed after argument for want of jurisdiction
(670)
425
273
Granted as to one petitioner and "denied as to the other
petitioners” (84) --

VII
CERTIORARI-Continued
Granted as to two petitioners and "denied as to other peti-
tioners" (317).
Granted as to one petitioner and judgment vacated as to
him; denied as to other petitioners (1879 Misc.) --
Denied two days after case was docketed (Election case
re absentee ballots) (606) ---
Motion to defer consideration of petition for certiorari
granted (193, 1163, 1216, 1101).
Page
275
439
3
14, 376,406
Motion of petitioner to dismiss writ under Rule 60 granted
(480)
Denied "without prejudice to an application for a writ of
habeas corpus in the appropriate USDC" (1088 Misc.)
Motions to dispense with printing petitions for certiorari
denied (1191, 1205) ---
Motion for leave to file reprinted petition with amend-
ments granted (660) --
Dissenting opinion on denial of certiorari holds that two-
day delay in filing civil case not fatal (1061) --
COSTS AND DAMAGES:
Motion for damages under Rule 56 denied (1127).
EXTRAORDINARY WRITS:
Habeas corpus denied with four Justices voting to transfer
case to USDC under 28 U.S.C. 2241(b) (11 Misc.) ___
Application for restoration of temporary relief granted
pending oral argument and application set for argument
four days later; order restoring temporary relief con-
tinued (647) ---
Rehearing granted from denial of stay by Court and stay
heretofore granted by Justice continued pending further
order of Court (889 Misc.) __
Stay granted by Justice continued by Court, pending issu-
ance of judgment, at time certiorari was granted (830) --
Application for stay of a court-martial presented to a
Justice and referred to Court denied (No.
v. Critz)
Roman
Petition to conduct investigation and for other relief denied
In the Matter of Sherman H. Skolnick).
(No.
,
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES:
Judgments:
Judgment (SC) announced (463, 548)
166
214
380
408
332
392
56
14,68
84
194
88
417
340, 415
273
Affirmed (CA) by equally divided Court (814) ----

IX
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Reversed (CA) and remanded to USDC "where peti-
tioner must have the opportunity to prove the facts
alleged and also to demonstrate that he meets the
jurisdictional requirements of 28 U.S.C. 1331"
(Diversity jurisdiction) (46) _.
Reversed (CA) and remanded to USDC "where peti-
tioner should be resentenced so that he may perfect
an appeal in the manner prescribed by the applicable
rules" (749)
Reversed (CA) as to three respondents (affirmed as to
five others) and remanded to USDC with instruc-
tions to enter a declaratory judgment and for further
proceedings in conformity with opinion (138) -
Reversed (CA) "case remanded to appropriate
USDC's" (436)
Reversed (USDC) and remanded with instructions to
dismiss complaint (16-18)----
Reversed (USDC) and remanded with directions to
enter a new judgment dismissing the complaint
(370)
Reversed (USDC) and remanded with instructions to
issue injunctions restraining further enforcement of
enactments until such time as the states adequately
demonstrate compliance with Section 5 of the Voting
Rights Act of 1965 (25, 26, 36) ----
Reversed (USDC) insofar as it approved the plan for
use in the 1970 election and case remanded for entry
of new judgment in conformity with opinion (238) --
Vacated (CA) on suggestion of mootness (263) ----
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC with directions
to dismiss as moot (158, 172).
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA for further consid-
eration in light of cited opinion and for consideration
of other constitutional questions raised in the
case (279)
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA for further con-
sideration in light of recent state court opinion
(134)
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC for a further
hearing on such evidence as petitioner may present
on the question of his right to appeal (1146 Misc.) ---
Page
153
404
424
415
111
258
249
316
10
391
70
124
317

✗
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments Continued
Vacated (CA) and remanded to CA with instructions
to remand to NLRB for further proceedings in light
of opinion announced in another case (598, 906,
1213, 1273).
Page
436, 437
426
Vacated (CA) on petition for rehearing (1070) --
Vacated (USDC-3 judge, dissolving itself) so that
timely appeal may be taken to CA (375) –.
Vacated (USDC) and remanded in order that USDC
may enter a fresh decree from which appellant may,
if he wishes, perfect a timely appeal to CA (1167
Misc.)
Opinions:
Opinion rendered after other oral arguments con-
cluded for day) (543-544) --
Dissenting opinions on denial of certiorari (764, 785,
651, 508 Misc., 1061, 1070, 983, 979 Misc.) --
88
264
63
196,
228, 307, 332, 364,421
Concurring opinion on denial of certiorari (901) ---
"Memorandum" of Justice upon reversal of judgment
(641)
ORIGINAL CASES:
Special Master appointed (Judge Joseph P. Willson in
266
291
place of Judge Charles J.
Vogel, resigned) (17 Orig.) -
(Walter P. Armstrong, Jr.)
71
(9 Orig.) ___
375
Report of Special Master received and ordered filed-time
for exceptions and briefing set (31 Orig.).
On cross motions of U.S. and Louisiana for supplemental
decree designating boundary of lands under Gulf of
Mexico owned by Louisiana, opinion issued deciding cer-
tain issues and reserving others for Special Master to be
appointed (9 Orig.)
On cross motions of U.S. and Texas for supplemental decree
as to Texas, opinion issued accepting decree proposed by
U.S. and ordering entry of a supplemental decree (9
Orig.)
On exceptions to Report of Special Master-Report filed
and his determination denying intervention to Morton
International, Inc., approved (31 Orig.) ...
88
249
249
249

ΧΙ
ORIGINAL CASES-Continued
Case set for argument on proposed supplemental decrees
(9 Orig.).
Supplemental decree entered (9 Orig.) ----
Leave granted to file bill of complaint (35 Orig.)
PARTIES:
Motion to substitute party respondent granted (900) ----
Motion to substitute granted (1135).
Upon suggestion of mootness by death of petitioner, peti-
tion for writ of habeas corpus dismissed (785 Misc.) --
RECORDS:
Joint motion to dispense with printing appendix denied
(770, 662)--
Page
12
360
426
251
332
288
166, 278
Motion to dispense with printing appendix denied (899,
942, 999, 1003) ---
Motion of respondent (State) to dispense with printing
appendix denied (750, 670) ---
265
166, 194
Motion to dispense with printing portions of appendix
(on petition) denied-certiorari also denied (763).
Motion to require certification of additional record denied
(580, 813) -
196
221
Motion to require certification of additional portions of
record granted (841) __
278
Motion for transcription and certification of additional
record granted (53) -
13
172
276
Motion to enlarge record granted (657) --
Motion for transmittal of exhibits denied (833)
REHEARINGS:
84
426
Rehearing granted from denial of stay (889 Misc.) --
Rehearing granted-order denying certiorari vacated and
certiorari granted-judgment vacated (1070) -
Response requested (30 days) (156 Misc. 13, 1070, 216)
112, 165, 392, 439
U.S. requested to file response to petition for rehearing
specifically with respect to certain allegations of petition
(173)
STAYS AND BAIL:
Stays:
Stays in "reservists" cases granted by one Justice until
Court reconvened denied by Court (No. _, Morse,
et al. v. Boswell, et al.) --
277
3

XII
STAYS AND BAIL—Continued
Stays-Continued
111–
Application for return of soldier to United States
presented to Justice, and by him referred to Court,
denied (No., Morse v. Laird, et al.).
Application for stay presented to Justice and referred
to Court and denied after Justice had held oral hear-
Shanker, et al. v. Degnan, et al.)
ing (No.
Page
301
(New York school teachers' strike).
94
Stay granted by this Court dissolved sua sponte (889
Misc.)
155
Stay of effectiveness of orders of ICC authorizing
merger of "Northern Lines" granted (No.
Great Northern Railway Merger case) __.
155
Stay granted by Justice to remain in effect pending
issuance of judgment or until further order of the
Court (830)--
194
Dissenting opinion on denial of stay (No.
Negre
v. Larsen, et al.) __
328
Stay of execution in capital case referred to Court and
granted with conditions (No.
Robinson v.
California)
391
Application for stay of primary election denied (1421)
392
Bail:
Application to Court for bail denied (No.
Young
v. McGee) _
317
CONCLUSION:
Order suspending call of calendar entered April 28, 1969;
arguments completed April 29, 1969--
Order fixing adjournment date (June 16, 1969) …….
Final order (June 23, 1969) ---.
354, 355
435
450
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1970



MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1968
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
The Chief Justice said:
"The 1968 Term of the Supreme Court of the United States is now
convened."
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James van Roden Springer, of Washington, D.C., Peter L. Strauss,
of Washington, D.C., Walter Hersch Fleischer, of Washington, D.C.,
James Carver Farrington, of Washington, D.C., Gabriel A. Gutierrez,
of Los Angeles, Calif., Richard W. Nichols, of Sacramento, Calif.,
Donald L. Reidhaar, of Berkeley, Calif., William Patrick McGinn, of
Inglewood, Calif., Allen L. Norris, of Richmond, Calif., F. Michael
Ahern, of Harford, Conn., James H. Tucker, of Daytona Beach, Fla.,
Robert M. Franklin, of Springfield, Va., Roger A. Pauley, of New
York, N.Y., Edward F. Gamber, of Bethpage, N.Y., Allan N. Korn-
blum, of New York, N.Y., Wallace H. Johnson, Jr., of Falls Church,
Va., James F. Housley, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Charles Edward
Burroughs, of Milwaukee, Wisc., Lawrence G. Meyer, of Washington,
D.C., and Thomas George Ragatz, of Madison, Wisc., on motion of
Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Ben F. McDonald, Jr., of
Corpus Christi, Tex., and Bob J. Spann, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Charles L. Redman, Jr., of
Jackson, Ga., on motion of Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; Leonard K.
Dowiak, of Washington, D.C., Richard Frank Holy, of Minneapolis,
Minn., and Wm. J. Nierengarten, of Austin, Minn., on motion of Mr.
Clark MacGregor; Richard M. Blois, of Palo Alto, Calif., and Peter
C. Lehman, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Paul N. McCloskey,
Jr.
Robert Joseph O'Connor, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Garner E. Shriver; George L. Moore, of Santa Ana, Calif., and Samuel
Louis Gurwin, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig
Hosmer; Samuel N. Greenspoon, of New York, N.Y., Benjamin
Greenspoon, of Washington, D.C., and Karl Ernst Davis, of Bethesda,
Md., on motion of Mr. Lee W. Cowan; Robert Nathan Stone, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Robert Merton Blatt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert M.
Harcourt, of Norfolk, Va., and William Wilbur Merritt, of Norfolk,
340-278-68- -1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1968
2
Va., on motion of Mr. Theodore George Gilinsky; Hugh B. Exnicios,
Jr., of Metairie, La., on motion of Mr. Charles Orlando Pratt; Malek
Sansour Sahami, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Richard
Stanley Friedman; Robert E. Buechler, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion
of Mr. Donald W. Paffle; Norman Perl, of Minneapolis, Minn., on
motion of Mr. Lester S. Jayson; William Milton Swope, of Honolulu,
Hawaii, on motion of Mr. John H. Schafer III; Robert Marshall
Jakob, of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clifford M. Roth; Adolfo
del Castillo, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Bertram C. Singer; Dun-
can MacDonald Manning, of Roosevelt, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert
E. Forrest; Thomas Henry Blakey, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Paul Zaleski; Ralph Rabinowitz, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr.
Paul Shiffman; Jacob Imberman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Victor H. Kramer.
Charles Verner Knight, of Chattanooga, Tenn., and Andrew
Anthony Wassick, of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Ralph
Waldo Emerson; Randall C. Coleman, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of
Mr. Dumond P. Hill; Horace Wheatley, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Belford V. Lawson, Jr., Monroe Berrol, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Paul McElligott; Alvin M. Frank, of San Jose,
Calif., and Howard S. Dattan, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence Speiser; Morton Sitver, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of
Mr. Gordon F. Harrison; John Gordon Forester, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Walter E. Gillcrist; Phillip A. Cole, of Minne-
apolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. James A. Gammon; Gilbert Leo Wells,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. David Hill; Garland M. Lay-
ton, of Virginia Beach, Va., on motion of Mr. James E. Palmer, Jr.;
Frank L. Wiswall, Jr., of Castine, Me., on motion of Mr. Ronald A.
Capone; Howard G. Reamer, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. M.
Albert Figinski; Arnold William Proskin, of Albany, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Eugene Mittelman; Hoffman Stone, of Rochester, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Robert F. Ziems; Eugene L. Bernard, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Malcolm L. Sutherland.
Richard J. Boardman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Arthur John Keeffe; Jacob Slove, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Daniel Goldstein; John P. Carroll, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Harry Tyson Carter; Michael Barry Arkin, of Spring-
field, Va., on motion of. Mr. William Howard Arkin; Johnnie L.
Cochran, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Paul R. Webber
III; Robert E. Anderson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Warren Morgans; David Joseph Young, of Columbus, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. George Reed; Patrick Joseph Leahy, of Burlington,
Vt., and Charles Robert Tetzlaff, of Burlington, Vt., on motion of Mr.
James David O'Brien; Ralph J. Althouse, Jr., of Reading, Pa., R.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1968
3
Solomon Bear, of Hamburg, Pa., Norman E. Dettra, Jr., of Reading
Pa., Walter M. Diener, Jr., of Douglassville, Pa., Thomas Jackson
Eshelman, of Reading, Pa., Paul T. Essig, Sr., of Reading, Pa.,
Leonard J. Gajewski, of Reading, Pa., Bernard R. Gerber, of Reading,
Pa., Frederick J. Giorgi, of Reading, Pa., Charles M. Guthrie, Jr., of
Reading, Pa., Scott L. Huyett, of Reading, Pa., LeRoy Hyman, of
Reading, Pa., Adam B. Krafczek, of Reading, Pa., James H. Murray,
of Reading, Pa., E. Kenneth Nyce, of Boyertown, Pa., Michael A.
O'Pake, of Reading, Pa., Walter Paul, of Reading, Pa., Morgan D.
Reinbold, of Reading, Pa., Forrest G. Schaeffer, Jr., of Reading, Pa.,
Raymond S. Schlegel, of Reading, Pa., Robert Forrest Shapiro, of
Reading, Pa., Frederick R. Snyder, of Reading, Pa., Eugene F.
Wisniewski, of Reading, Pa., and Jane Ludwig Worley, of Womels-
dorf, Pa., on motion of Mr. John W. Biehl, were admitted to practice.
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 605. Californians for an Alternative in November et al., appel-
lants, v. California et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. The appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
-.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. F. Lee Hawthorne, Chairman, etc., petitioner, v. L. Stanley
Hardaway, Secretary, et al. Application for a stay presented to the
Chief Justice, and by him referred to the full Court, is denied.
No. -. Bradish G. Morse, et al., petitioners, v. Charles B. Boswell
et al;
No. Jeffrey S. Berke et al., petitioners, v. Victor J. MacLaughlin
et al.;
No.. Phillip A. Miazga et al., petitioners, v. V. J. MacLaughlin
et al.;
No. Joel Felberbaum et al., petitioners, v. V. J. MacLaughlin
et al.; and
No. Joe Don Looney et al., petitioners, v. Victor J. MacLaughlin
et al. The applications for stays presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and
by him referred to the Court, are denied. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 606. LeRoy Eldridge Cleaver, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Frank
M. Jordan, Secretary of State of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1968
ORAL ARGUMENT
4
No. 543. Glen A. Williams et al., appellants, v. James A. Rhodes
et al. Argued by Mr. David J. Young for the appellants and by Mr.
Charles S. Lopeman for the appellees.
No. 544. Socialist Labor Party et al., appellants, v. James A.
Rhodes et al. Leave granted by Mr. Jerry Gordon to appear and pre-
sent oral argument for the appellants, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr.
Lawrence Speiser. Argued by Mr. Jerry Gordon for the appellants,
pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Charles S. Lopeman
for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, October 14, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 14, 1968, will be as follows: 133,
O.T. 1967, 11, 197, and 9, Orig.
✗

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1968
50
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 613. Thomas W. McArthur et al., petitioners, v. Clark Clif-
ford, Secretary of Defense, et al. The application for a stay is
denied.
340-278-68-

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1968
6
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
--
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. William Sullivan, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John H.
Cushamn et al. The motion for stay, referred to the Court, is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas would grant the stay.
340-278-68-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
7
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James H. Hentzen, of Kansas City, Mo., Melvin Wayne Davidson, of
Kansas City, Mo., Louis Schultz, of Hicksville, N.Y., Harvey E.
Soicher, of Merrick, N.Y., and David W. Powers, of Wheaton, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Arthur Samuel
Black, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Leon E. Panetta, of Monterey,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Kuchel; Frank Patrick Hernan-
dez, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; J. Tom
Haley, Jr., of Warren, Ark., on motion of Mr. David H. Pryor; James
Louis Blawie, of Fremont, Calif., on motion of Mr. Martin R.
McLendon; C. J. Taylor, Jr., of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Brice
Wilson Rhyne; David J. Allen, of Munster, Ind., on motion of Mr.
James M. Nicholson; Jim T. Robinson, of Enid, Okla., on motion of
Mr. Peyton Ford; Maurice De Lano Fuller, Jr., of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Noble McCartney; Alan Barnes Steber, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Miss Jean Elyse Morris; David Edward
Trice, of Columbia, Tenn., and Thomas Patrick Burns, III, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Michael Arthur Brown; Karl L. Ecker, of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold F. Reis; Carter Bledsoe, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John Patrick Baker; Alf Leif
Erickson, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Steven John Fell-
man; Allyn Matthews Wallace, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Harry Peter Anestos; William L. Dwyer, of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. Stanton Pavian Sender; Anthony James Correro III of New
Orleans, La., and Frederick W. Ellis, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion
of Mr. Paul M. Hebert; Steve Polgar of Livonia, Michigan, on mo-
tion of Mr. Francis D. Flanagan;
Sebert H. Keiffer, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert
Arthur Diemer; George William Van Pelt, of Lyndhurst, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. John Burns Simpson, Jr.; Carl Anthony, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. James V. Heffernan; Dudley W. Con-
ner, of Hattiesburg, Miss., on motion of Mr. Will S. Wells; Floyd H.
Schnek, of Palm Springs, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas D. Wilcox;
James W. Bradford, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Jack C. Brown, of
Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray S. Donaldson; Louis Kaplan,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel Ross; Thomas Roy
340-278-68-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
00
8
Beierly, of Seattle, Wash., and Robert R. Beezer, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Robert V. Schnabel; George Michael Hare, of Inde-
pendence, Mo., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Moore; Duane A. Comport,
of Batavia, Ill., Geo. E. Stephens, of Oswego, Ill., on motion of Mr.
William H. Clarke; Beverly R. Keil, of Columbus, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Jack Thomas Brinkley; William Sherman Shelow, III, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Francis G. Cole; Dennis M. Nolan, of
Media, Pa., and Herbert Weston Tomlinson, of Media, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Lionel A. Wexman; Warren H. Kopke, of Great Bend, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Albert M. Cole; Andrew J. S. Jumonville, of Lafay-
ette, La., on motion of Mr. James J. Davidson, Jr., and William
Edward Shaddock, of Lake Charles, La., on motion of Mr. Oliver P.
Stockwell, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 50. Hanover Insurance Company of New York, appellant, v.
Carl S. Victor. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 52. Makah Indian Tribe, etc., appellants, v. Tax Commission of
the State of Washington et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Washington. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 57. Charles Cohon et al., appellants, v. Edward J. Kirby, Direc-
tor of the Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control of California.
Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate Dis-
trict. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 85. Whitney Stores, Inc., et al., appellants, v. T. Kenneth Sum-
merford, etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the District of South Carolina. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 114. Desert Outdoor Advertising, Inc., appellant, v. County of
San Bernardino. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 159. Ruth E. Biddle, Administratrix, appellant, v. Ida M. Bow-
ser et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The appeal is dis-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
9
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the ap-
peal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 179. William C. Loptein et ux., appellants, v. City of Sycamore.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. The motion to strike the
response to the jurisdictional statement is denied. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is de-
nied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 181. Samson Market Company, Inc., appellant, v. Edward J.
Kirby, etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District. The motion to dismiss the appeal is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 216. Patrick G. Martone, appellant, v. Cecil Morgan et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 230. Edwin R. Lewinson, appellant, v. Robert J. Crews, as
County Clerk, Kings County. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of
New York. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 239. Estate of Arlester L. Burnell, Warden, appellant, v. Colo-
rado. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 242. Jorge I. Rosso and Carmen Descartes, appellants, v. Puerto
Rico. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Fortas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 251. Russell C. Roberts, individually and as Judge of the Cir-
cuit Court of Faulkner County, Arkansas, et al, appellants, v. Odell
Pollard, etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Arkansas. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that probable juris-
tion should be noted.
No. 260. Martha A. Hornbeak, etc., appellant, v. Phillip Hamm,
Commissioner of Revenue for Alabama. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama. The motion

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
10
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart
are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and
case set for argument.
No. 263. Ralph Ilowite, petitioner, v. United States et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated, and case remanded to Court of Appeals with directions to
dismiss the case as moot. Opinion per curiam.
No. 270. Paul Penjaska and John Penjaska, appellants, v. Good-
body & Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 284. Louisiana Education Commission for Needy Children et
al., appellants, v. Bryan Poindexter et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 286. Antonio Peter Guerra, appellant, v. Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a properly presented federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 324. Westside Liquor Company, appellant, v. Edward J.
Kirby, etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 325. The Pennwick Corporation, appellant, v. Edward J.
Kirby, etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 326. Samson Market Company, Inc., appellant, v. Edward J.
Kirby, etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 335. Martin Andersen et al., appellants, v. Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 355. National Motor Freight Traffic Association, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
11
trict Court for the District of Columbia. The motions to affirm are
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 3, Misc. Donald L. Blabon, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further consideration in
light of In re Bevill, 68 A.C. 916, P. 2d , as modified by 69
A. C. 202, P. 2d. Opinion per curiam.
-
No. 39, Misc. James Floyd Workman, petitioner, v. Utah. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari granted. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Utah for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 59, Misc. Richard D. Tyrrell, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 86, Misc. Clyde Bates and Manuel Chavez, petitioners, v. Louis
S. Nelson, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Motions to supplement
petition for certiorari and for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for certiorari granted, judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further consideration in light
of Burgett v. Texas, 389 U.S. 109; Bruton v. United States, 391 U.S.
123, and Roberts v. Russell, 392 U.S. 293. Opinion per curiam.
No. 87, Misc. Jack D. McConnell, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary; and
No. 458, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. On petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington. Motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petitions for writs of certiorari granted.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of
Washington for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 133, Misc. Londell Brown and Warren E. Gilliam, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. Stanley R. Resor, Secretary of the Army. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
12
writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further consideration in light of Carafas v.
LaVallee, 391 U.S. 234. Opinion per curiam.
No. 149, Misc. Jesse Leon Jones, petitioner, v. Georgia. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Georgia for further consideration in light of Witherspoon v.
Illinois, 391 U.S. 510. Opinion per curiam.
No. 187, Misc. Henry Powell Arsenault, petitioner, v. Massachu-
setts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court
of Massachusetts. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts for further
proceeding not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 197, Misc. Thomas A. Butler, appellant, v. Joseph F. Brier-
ley, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 430, Misc. Samuel E. Muniz, appellant, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Appeal from the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers.
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certio-
rari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 473, Misc. Melvin G. Lemanski, appellant, v. Lucille Leman-
ski. Appeal from the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second District. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. This case is set for argument on the supplemental
decrees proposed by the United States and the State of Texas. The
motion of the State of Louisiana for additional time for oral argument
on the supplemental decree applicable to it is denied. The Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision
of these matters.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
13
No. 993, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Edith Fischer
Lichota. It is ordered that Edith Fischer Lichota, of Toledo, Ohio, be
suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that rule issue,
returnable within forty days, requiring her to show cause why she
should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
No. 19. Universal Interpretive Shuttle Corporation, petitioner, v.
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission et al. The motion
of respondent, Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission, to
preclude argument on question not in issue and the motion of respond-
ent, D.C. Transit System, Inc., to clarify the status of question regard-
ing D.C. Transit System's franchise are denied. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 39. Enrique Perez, petitioner, v. California. The motion of
the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is
ordered that Peter G. Fetros, Esquire, of San Francisco, California, be,
and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this
case.
No. 44. William Skinner et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. The mo-
tion of the petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is granted. The case will be heard on the typewritten record.
No. 53. Harold Kaufman, petitioner, v. United States. The mo-
tion of petitioner for the transcription and certification of additional
portions of the record is granted. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 56. Lear, Incorporated, petitioner, v. John S. Adkins. The
motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate in the oral
argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and twenty minutes are alloted
for that purpose A similar amount of time is likewise allotted to
counsel for the respondent.
No. 71. Presbyterian Church in the United States et al., petitioners,
v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church et al.
The motion of the Right Reverend John E. Hines, Presiding Bishop
of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America,
for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 74. Philip Jerome Stiles, petitioner, v. United States. The mo-
tion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it
is ordered that Charles J. Rogers, Jr., Esquire, of Providence, Rhode
Island, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the peti-
tioner in this case.
No. 81. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, petitioner, v. John
P. McElroy et al.; and
No. 128. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
John P. McElroy et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
14
No. 191. Geraldine Snell et al., appellants, v. George K. Wyman, as
Commissioner, New York State Department of Social Services, et al.
The Solicitor General is invited to file briefs in these cases express-
ing the views of the United States.
No. 163. Evelle J. Younger, appellant, v. John Harris, Jr., et al.
The Attorney General of California is invited to file a brief in this
case expressing the views of the State of California.
No. 193. International Salt Company, petitioner, v. Ohio Turnpike
Commission. The motion of the petitioner to defer consideration of
the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 197. John William Butenko, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted,
and it is ordered that Charles Danzig, Esquire of Newark, New Jersey,
a member of the Court of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed
to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 198. Richard M. Smith, petitioner, v. Fred M. Hooey, Judge,
Criminal District Court of Harris County, Texas. The motion of the
petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered
that Charles Alan Wright, Esquire, of Austin, Texas, a member of the
Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.
No. 199. George B. Harris, Judge of United States District Court
for the Northern District of California, v. Louis S. Nelson, Warden.
The motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted,
and it is ordered that J. Stanley Pottinger, Esquire, of San Fran-
cisco, California, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.
No. 620. James L. Moore, et al., appellants, v. Samuel Shapiro, etc.,
et al. Because of the representation of the State of Illinois that “It
would be a physical impossibility for the State to effectuate the relief
which the appellants seek," the "Motion to Advance and Expedite
the Hearing and Disposition of this Cause" is denied. Mr. Justice
Fortas would grant the motion.
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos, etc.,
et al. The application for restoration of temporary relief is granted
pending oral argument on the application, which is set for Friday,
October 18, 1968, at 9:00 a.m. The case is placed on the summary
calendar. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 258. Morris H. Kramer, appellant, v. Union Free School Dis-
trict No. 15 et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
15
the Eastern District of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction
noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 269. Lester Gunn et al., appellants, v. University Committee to
End the War in Viet Nam et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Western District of Texas. In this case probable juris-
diction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 293. Robert Eli Stanley, appellant, v. Georgia. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Georgia. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 370. Aaron E. Koota, as District Attorney of the County of
Kings, appellant, v. Sanford Zwickler. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York. In this case
probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 376. Dunbar-Stanley Studios, Inc., appellant, v. Alabama. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Alabama. In this case probable juris-
diction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 48. Julian Messner, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Warren E. Spahn.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. In this case probable
jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary calendar. Counsel
are requested to discuss in their briefs and oral arguments, in addition
to the other questions presented, the question whether the injunctive
relief provided in the final judgment entered September 3, 1964, in
the Supreme Court for the County of New York constitutes an uncon-
stitutional restraint upon publication.
No. 238. David I. Wells, appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller, as
Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. In this
case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary
calendar and set to follow Nos. 30 and 31.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 156. Clayton S. Kramer, petitioner, v. Caribbean Mills, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 158. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners v.
John P. O'Connell, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 280. United States, petitioner, v. Skelly Oil Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 291. Federal Marine Terminals, Inc., petitioner, v. Burnside
Shipping Company, Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
340-278-68-6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
16
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 306. Fortner Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. United States Steel
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 172. Elmer L. Dirks, individually and as General Chairman of
the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, et al., petitioners, v. W. L.
Birkholtz et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar and set to follow No. 158.
No. 273. Russell Scofield et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted reserving for deci-
sion, after argument, the question of whether the petition for certiorari
was timely filed. Case placed on summary calendar.
No. 68, Misc. Reyes Arias Orozco, petitioner, v. Texas. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas granted. Case transferred
to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 329, Mise. Edward Boykin, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted. Case transferred to
the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 529, Misc. Martin Rene Frazier, petitioner, v. H. C. Cupp,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 560, Misc. Billy Don Franklin Boulden, petitioner, v. William
C. Holman, Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 60, Misc. John Davis, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi granted limited to the
first question presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"Whether the introduction into evidence at petitioner's criminal trial
of his fingerprints, taken as a result of petitioner's illegal arrest,
violated petitioner's rights under the Fourth and Fourteenth Amend-
ments?" Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
17
No. 202, Misc. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. J. J. Parker,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted limited to the first question presented by
the petition which reads as follows:
"1. Does a court-martial, held under the Articles of War, Tit. 10,
U.S.C. § 801 et seq., have jurisdiction to try a member of the Armed
Forces who is charged with commission of a crime cognizable in a
civilian court and having no military significance, alleged to have been
committed off-post and while on leave, thus depriving him of his
constitutional rights to indictment by a grand jury and trial by a petit
jury in a civilian court?"
Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 58. Edward Somerville, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 59. Donald Somerville and Marjorie Kullerstrand, petitioners,
v. Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 64. John A. Metheany, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 66. Thomas A. Alvarez, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition for
write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 70. John P. Parrish, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 72. Isadore Parzow, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 75. Carolina Pipeline Company, petitioner, v. York County
Natural Gas Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Big Run Coal & Clay Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 79. Dubin-Haskell Lining Corp., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
v.
No. 83. American Manufacturing Company of Texas, petitioner,
The Heald Machine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
18
No. 86. AMP Incorporated, petitioner, v. Wilbur J. Cohen, Secre-
tary of Health, Education and Welfare, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 87. Mrs. R. L. Clark, as legal guardian for Shirley Tucker, peti-
tioner, v. Great American Insurance Company of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Irene Bartsch, petitioner, v. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 89. William L. Steadham et al., petitioners, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 90. David B. Goodman et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 92. William Orlando Duggar, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 93. Noah Grimes and Alice Thomas Pearson, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 96. Orlando Daily Newspapers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Mel-
vin M. Belli. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 97. Margaret Thomas Powe and William A. Powe, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 99. Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 100. Dargan Suther, petitioner, v. City of Midfield, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 101. Frank DeNiro, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 102. John William Shapard, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 103. Edmund Winkler, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
19
No. 104. United States, petitioner, v. Cajo Trading, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 105. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. United
States for the use and benefit of Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 107. Matthew Ianniello, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 110. Seymour Komitor, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 111. Oliver Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 112. Difco Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 113. Mandask Compania de Vapores, S. A., petitioner, v. Fed-
erazione Italiana dei Consorzi, Agrari, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 115. Roland H. Del Mar and the Riggs National Bank of Wash-
ington, D.C., etc., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 116. General Longshore Workers, I.L.A., Local Union 1418, et
al., petitioners, v. New Orleans Steamship Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 118. Sam Vince et ux., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 121. Remedios B. Abinoja et al., petitioners, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 123. American Finishing Company, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relation Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 125. Luria Brothers and Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and
340-278-68-7

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
20
No. 126. Baldwin-Lima-Hamilton Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Trade Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 127. The Bassick Company et al., petitioners, v. David R. Blake,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 135. Charles John Funk, petitioner, v. David K. Funk et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Arizona
denied.
No. 140. Good-All Electric Mfg. Co., petitioner, v. Commssioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 142. James Robert Grogan, III, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 145. David Lee Williams et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 148. Cornelius Fullbright, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 151. Edward Nason, petitioner, v. Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 152. Trust Company of Georgia, Executor under the will of
Carling Dinkler, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Aubrey C. Ross, District
Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 153. Frederick H. Eaton, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 154. Fort Howard Paper Company, petitioner, v. Kimberly-
Clark Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 155. Joseph O. Abramson et ux., petitioners, v. Colonial Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 157. Douglas Houston and John Lewis Simpson, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 160. International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, (UAW), petitioner, v.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
21
National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 162. Robert N. Golubin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 167. Banco Credito y Ahorro Ponceno, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 169. Robert Bolivar DePugh, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Local Union No. 705, Hotel and Restaurant Employees and
Bartenders Union, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. W. Willard Wirtz, Sec-
retary of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 171. Bricklayers, Masons & Plasterers' International Union of
America, Local 11, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 173. Richard E. Gorman, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 174. Howard Dean Hansen, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 176. Felix Benitez Rexach, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 178. Daniel Patton Kramer, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 182. Tommy Truchinski, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 183. A. J. Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 185. Willis Attocknie, petitioner, v. Stewart L. Udall, Secre-
tary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 186. George D. Mills, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 187. M. Rudolph Preuss, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Crosby
Teletronics Corp., petitioner, v. General Electric Co., Inc. Petition

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
22
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 188. The Miami Beach First National Bank and Fred R. Bais-
den, as Executors, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Inter-Continental Promo-
tions, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 189. Alvin A. Jacobsen, etc., petitioner, v. International
Transport, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 190. Othell Campbell, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 192. Evelyn Walker, petitioner, v. The Ohio River Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 194. Carson Pirie Scott & Company et al., petitioners, v. John
Factor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 196. Donald DeSimone, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 202. Lee Rubber & Tire Corporation, petitioner, v. United Rub-
ber, Cork, Linoleum and Plastic Workers of America, AFL-CIO,
Local 102, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 204. Herbert S. Bauch, as President of Local 832, International
Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers
of America, et al., petitioners, v. City of New York et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 207. The Maryland Petition Committee, et al., petitioners, v.
Lyndon B. Johnson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 208. Rayex Corporation et al., petitioners, v. American Optical
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 209. Marcan Products Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
A. H. Emery Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 213. Ernest Clifton Langley, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 215. Willis K. Baker, Jr., and Mervin Cornelsen, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
23
No. 217. Duane Johnson, petitioner, v. Benbrook Water and
Sewer Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Texas and/or Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Second Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 218. Alcoa Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles
Ferran & Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Irving Shapiro, petitioner, v. Lee T. Shapiro. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 222. Weyerhaeuser Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 223. James Mahoney et al., petitioners, v. Federal Savings and
Loan Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 224. J. P. Stevens & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 226. Silver, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Webcor, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 227. Albert R. Avella et al., 'petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 229. Edward Steve McFarland, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Retail Store Employees Union Local 954, petitioner, v.
Lane Drug Company et al.; and
No. 233. Lane Drug Company et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 234. Tonkin Corporation of California, dba Seven-Up Bot-
tling Company of Sacramento, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 235. Gibraltar Factors Corporation, petitioner, v. Samuel S.
Baranow, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 236. Michael Connor, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of Superior Court of
California, County of Alameda, denied.
340-278-68-8

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
24
No. 240. Seafarers International Union of North America, AFL-
CIO, et al., petitioners, v. W. Willard Wirtz, Secretary of Labor,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 241. Paul Ching-Szu Chen, petitioner, v. R. William Foley,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 245. Herman Taller, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 246. Nathan Fred Marks, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 252. Stuyvesant Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 253. Carlond Hammond, petitioner, v. Arkansas ex rel. John
Davis, Sheriff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 254. Argonaut Savings and Loan Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 255. John James Brennan et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 256. Orlando Cepeda, petitioner, v. Cowles Magazines and
Broadcasting, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 257. Petition of Oliver Lee York and Margaret Edna York
for adoption of a female infant, petitioners. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 259. James A. Rhodes, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Nathaniel
Buchanan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 261. Stanley M. Klebanoff, petitioner, v. Co-Ordinating Com-
mittee on Discipline. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 264. D. Spencer Grow, petitioner, v. United States; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
25
No. 275. C. Oran Mensik, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 265. Joseph G. Berlin, petitioner, v. Barbara F. Berlin. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 266. Florida, petitioner, v. Emelwon, Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 267. Nebro Johnson, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Term of Supreme Court of New York,
First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 268. Raymond Burns and James B. Hert, petitioners, v. New
Mexico et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Mexico denied.
No. 272. Rosa Ella Graham Beasley et al., petitioners, v. W. P. H.
McFaddin, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 274. Joseph I. Moreali, petitioner, v. Workmen's Compen-
sation Appeals Board of California et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District,
denied.
No. 276. Serv-Air, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 277. Ruth Montgomery, as Executrix of the Estate of Orion
V. Montgomery, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Goodyear Aircraft Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 281. William H. Kenner et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 283. John Lowell Hannah et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 285. The General Tire and Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Isocyanate Products, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 287. American Pipe and Construction Co., petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 288. Jefferson Construction Co., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
26
No. 289. First American Insurance Company, petitioner, v. John
P. O'Connor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 292. United Mine Workers of America et al., petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 294. Richard Hauff, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 295. Clarence Lothridge and Zorina Barnett, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 296. Paul Walter Pearce, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 299. Erwin-Newman Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 300. Albert H. Grisham, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 301. LTV Electrosystems, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 302. Anthony Nunzio Oddo, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 304. Southern Blowpipe & Roofing Company et al., petitioners,
v· Chattanooga Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 308. James J. Ritter, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 309. Leo Kubik and J. C. White, petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 310. District of Columbia Redevelopment Land Agency, peti-
tioner, v. Donald S. Nash et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 312. Jewel Ramsey Crouch, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
27
No. 313. Grace D. Graham, petitioner, v. Jaime Luis Colon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 316. James Donald Edwards, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 318. Vance Trucking Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Canal
Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 319. Vincent John Rao, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 321. Victoria A. Hart, petitioner, v. David W. Hedrick, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 327. William J. Jacobs, petitioner, v. Toledo Bar Association.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 328. Lawrence Lawson Webb, petitioner, v. City of Lynchburg,
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 331. Euclid National Bank, petitioner, v. The Federal Home
Loan Bank Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 333. Pan American World Airways, Inc., petitioner, v. Allied
Air Freight International Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 334. Willis O. Mizner, petitioner, v. Ruth E. Mizner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 336. Anton Lysczyk, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 339. Joe Edwin Miller, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 340. Lucius J. Breeland, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 341. Estate of Eugene L. Freeland, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
340-278-68-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
28
No. 342. Jerome Henry, Superintendent, Indiana State Reforma-
tory, petitioner, v. Charles O. Cotner. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 345. Reuben F. Gray et al., petitioners, v. Department of High-
ways, State of Louisiana, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 346. Ellis C. MacDougall, Director of the South Carolina De-
partment of Corrections, et al., petitioners, v. Ray S. Bailey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 351. Mike Roberts Color Productions, Inc., petitioner, v. Col-
ourpicture Publishers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 353. Elijah White Ratcliff, petitioner, v. E. Ivan Bruce and
Truman Blocker, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied.
No. 354. Howard James Hansen, etc., petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 359. John F. Graham, petitioner, v. Harold H. Greene et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 361. Equitable Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 362. Godfrey P. Schmidt, petitioner, v. Joseph S. McCarthy
and Seymour J. Spelman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 363. Brotherhood of Railway, Airline and Steamship Clerks,
Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employes, et al., petitioners,
v. National Mediation Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 365. M. A. Holahan, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. J. Harry
Henderson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 371. Wolf Low, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 373. John H. Todd, Jr., petitioner, v. Alvin H. Frankel, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
29
No. 381. Albert J. Minichello and Nicholas Mauriello, etc., petition-
ers, v. William B. Camp, Comptroller of Currency for the United
States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 385. Elmer G. Paxton, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 55. C. C. Peyton, Superintendent of the Virginia State Peni-
tentiary, petitioner, v. Alfred Coles. Motion of respondent for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 82. Hiram W. Morris, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Fourth
District, denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom
Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 94. John A. Acree et al., petitioners, v. Air Line Pilots Associa-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 98. Harry J. Amell et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 119. Thomas Kapatos, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 141. Carl I. Cohen, petitioner v. New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the considerartion or decision of this petition.
No. 290. Crown Coat Front Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 108. Jackson Morgan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 120. Anthony F. Palmisano et al., petitioners, v. Baltimore
County Welfare Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
30
No. 122. Betty Gannett Tormey, petitioner, v. Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 133. George H. Fultz, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 136. Francisco Perez and Joan Fae Schiffler, petitioners, v.
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 139. Joseph J. Remenyi, petitioner, v. Clark M. Clifford, Secre-
tary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 164. Irven Lee Dawkins and Carol W. Thomas, petitioners, v.
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of Florida, First District, and/or Supreme Court of Florida denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 177. Mary A. Loschi et al., petitioners, v. Massachusetts Port
Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Massachusetts denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 203. William E. Thoresen III, petitioner, v. Maine. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 219. Cosmo Rosado, petitioner, v. Walter J. Flood, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 225. Montell R. Meacham, doing business as the "Barbary
Coast", petitioner, v. The Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control,
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 320. Perry J. Owens, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 348. In the Matter of William E. Thoresen III, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
31
First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 349. William E. Thoresen III, petitioner, v. William Goodwin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 132. Yuen Kam Chuen and Ng Sui Sang, petitioners, v. P. A.
Esperdy, as District Director of the Immigration and Naturalization
Service for the District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 143. Bruns, Nordeman & Co., petitioner, v. American National
Bank and Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 147. L. W. Ferrell and Joe Ferrell, next friends of Phillip
Ferrell, et al., petitioners, v. Dallas Independent School District et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 149. Russell G. Courtney, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 298. George L. Vaughn, Jr., petitioner, v. Municipal Court,
Los Angeles Judicial District, et al. Motion to dispense with printing
petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 184. Arkansas Valley G & T, Inc., et al, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission et al. Motion of Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc., for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae,
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circut denied.
No. 210. Walter Lee Parman, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 211. North Carolina, petitioner, v. Louis Anthony Logner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted and judgment reversed.
340-278-68-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
32
No. 214. Anna Mary White, petitioner, v. Evansville American
Legion Home Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Indiana denied. Mr. Justice Black dissents from the
denial of petition for writ of certiorari.
No. 303. Ezra Parks, petitioner, v. Simpson Timber Company,
et al.; and
No. 322. Simpson Timber Company, petitioner, v. Ezra Parks et
al. Motion in No. 303 to use record in No. 1335, Oct. Term, 1966,
granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 311. Conley Electronics Corporation, etc., petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 314. Clifford H. Ray, petitioner, v. Seaboard Air Line Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of Florida, First District, denied. Mr. Justice Black dissents
from the denial of certiorari in this case; he would grant and reverse
summarily, believing it was clearly error to grant summary judgment
against the petitioner. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 337. Time, Inc. and Dan Jenkins, petitioners, v. Bon Air
Hotel, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas concurs:
I would grant certiorari in this case and hold that the petitioners,
Time, Inc., and Dan Jenkins, were entitled to summary judgment
since, for the reasons stated in the concurring opinions of Mr. Justice
Douglas and myself in New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254,
293; Rosenblatt v. Baer, 383 U.S. 75, 94, and Curtis Publishing Co. v.
Butts, 388 U.S. 130, 170. I believe that a libel judgment against these
petitioners is forbidden by the First Amendment's guarantee that
freedom of the press shall not be abridged, a guarantee made appli-
cable to the States by the Fourteenth Amendment. This constitutional
bar would apply to any state of facts that might be shown at the trial
of this case. I believe the First Amendment was intended to leave the
press free from the harassment and expense of suits such as this.
No. 350. Agnes L. Haines, etc., petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ari-
zona denied. Mr. Justice Black dissents from the denial of certiorari;
he would grant certiorari and set the case down for oral argument.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
33
No. 367. Utah Pie Company, petitioner, v. Continental Baking
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 8, Misc. Francis O'Halloran, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 9, Misc. Luis Morales, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 12, Misc. Danny Alvan Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 14, Misc. Michael J. Schweininger, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 15, Misc. Albert Russell Laudermilk, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 17, Misc. James Sessions, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 18, Misc. Joseph V. Agosto, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 19, Misc. Melvin Ford, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 20, Misc. Charles Robert Clarke, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 21, Misc. Lucien Peters, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 24, Misc. Lawrence Rensing, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 25, Misc. Damon Shelton Napier, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 26, Misc. Jerry Leonard Cowart, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 27, Misc. John Doward Skipper, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
34
No. 28, Misc. Johnny Banks, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 29, Misc. James G. Martin, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 30, Misc. Charles H. Cindle, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Oklahama denied.
No. 31, Misc. Guadalupe Miranda Torres, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 32, Misc. Debs Crawford, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 33, Misc. Robert Eugene Whited, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 34, Misc. David Almeida, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 35, Misc. Charles D. Boyd, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 36, Misc. Leonard Thomas King, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, West-
ern Division, denied.
No. 37, Misc. Scotty Shirley Hanks, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 38, Misc. George Silva Salas and Pappy Fuentes, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 40, Misc. Thomas Russel, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 41, Misc. Claude Ray, Jr., petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate
District, denied.
No. 42, Misc. Roosevelt Flournoy, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
35
No. 44, Misc. Frank Leslie Holden, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 45, Misc. Lloyd Dale Watroba, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 46, Misc. Ronald Handy, petitioner, v. Director, Patuxent In-
stitution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Ap-
peals of Maryland denied.
No. 47, Misc. Emil Schoepflin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 48, Misc. Jose Chabolla-Delgado, petitioner, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 49, Misc. James Ball, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 51, Misc. Charley Bernal, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 53, Misc. Roy Persinger, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 54, Misc. James Edward Padgett, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections of Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 56, Misc. Joseph H. Milani, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 58, Misc. William H. Kendrick, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 62, Misc. Verlon Hershel Ussery et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. Ellis Frederick Newton, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 65, Misc. William Edmund Hindmarsh, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 66, Misc. Charles Edward Hindmarsh, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
36
No. 67, Misc. James McKinney, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 69, Misc. Harold D. Strain, petitioner, v. James M. Goslin,
Sheriff, Caddo Parish, Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 70, Misc. Richard Eugene Loux, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 71, Misc. Jesue Torres Limon, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 72, Misc. James D. St. Clair, petitioner, v. Alexander Napoli,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 73, Misc. Robert Bradwell, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 74, Misc. LeRoy Smith, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arizona denied.
No. 76, Misc. John E. Minor, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition for
write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 77, Misc. Lilia B. Velasco and Nellie J. C. Morales, petitioners,
v. Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 78, Misc. Isauro H. Glorioso, petitioner, v. Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 80, Misc. Dorman Fred Talbot, Jr., petitioner, v. Louis S. Nel-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 82, Misc. Jimmy C. Johnson, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 84, Misc. Jacob Jennings, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 85, Misc. William Taylor, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
37
No. 90, Misc. Paul L. Fitzsimmons, petitioner, v. Howard Yeager,
Principal Keeper of the New Jersey State Prison, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 91, Misc. Calvin J. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 92, Misc. Robert Lee Davis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 93, Misc. George Thomas Stockley, petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 94, Misc. Floyd Frank Wells, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 95, Misc. Harold Oscar Thomas, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 97, Misc. Lanier Allison Ramer, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 141, Misc. Eugene Richard Church, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 99, Misc. James Kinney Roy, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 100, Misc. Leoplian Gregory, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 101, Misc. James Kitt, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 102, Misc. Clifford V. Latta, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 104, Misc. Melvin B. Bishop, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 106, Misc. Donald McCoy, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.

1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
38
No. 107, Misc. William Joseph Coghlan, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 108, Misc. Juanita Avent et al., etc., petitioners, v. Newark
Housing Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 109, Misc. Edmond G. Blumner and Herbert Perry, petition-
ers, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. John Michael Smith, petitioner, v. Montgomery
Ward and Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 112, Misc. Ethelyn G. Bynacker, etc., petitioner, v. Bernard E.
McMichael. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 114, Misc. Buddy Boggs and Ernest P. McKinney, petitioners,
v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 115, Misc. Chester L. Edgerton, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 117, Misc. Sally D. Dear, petitioner, v. Ralph C. Dear. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second
District, denied.
No. 118, Misc. John Willie Thomas, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent, California Men's Colony, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 119, Misc. Harvey Marcelin, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 122, Misc. Roosevelt Boone, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 123, Misc. David Broderick, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 124, Misc. Clell Clate Yount, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 126, Misc. Ralph A. Varone, petitioner, v. Alice E. Varone.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 127, Misc. Jessie Jackson, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 128, Misc. William Angel Barrio, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
39
No. 130, Misc. Lester L. Grogg, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 131, Misc. Wayne J. Hill, petitioner, v. City of Seattle. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 132, Misc. Louis Perez Cerda, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 134, Misc. Frank Carlino, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 135, Misc. James Morris Fletcher, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Superintendent, Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 137, Misc. Robert Bennett Burns, petitioner, v. John W.
Turner, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 139, Misc. Stephen Luther Evans, petitioner, v. County of
Delaware, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 142, Misc. Robert B. Davis, Jr., petitioner, v. James C. Harper,
Commissioner, Cleveland House of Correction. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 146, Misc. Troy Clark, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 148, Misc. Anthony L. Manni, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 150, Misc. E'Thelbert Rucker, petitioner, v. City of Flint et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 151, Misc. Roosevelt Boone, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 152, Misc. Walter Miniard, petitioner, v. John L. Lewis et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
40
No. 154, Misc. Warren Carl Sherrick, petitioner, v. Frank A. Ey-
man, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 155, Misc. Max Jacob Gutkowsky, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 157, Misc. Willie Redd, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 159, Misc. Opal Taylor, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 160, Misc. Johnny Thomas, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 161, Misc. Hugh James Minhinnick, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 162, Misc. Robert Lynn Smith, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 163, Misc. Nonie Tenorio, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 164, Misc. Hayden Louis Harris and Thomas Benton Harris,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Jesse Williams, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 166, Misc. William T. Jordan, petitioner, v. North Carolina
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 168, Misc. Mariano Alonso Leyva, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 170, Misc. Ozell Henry, petitioner, v. Robert O. Weaver,
Parole Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 171, Misc. William Lusk, petitioner, v. Frank L. Strickland
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 172, Misc. Daniel Anthony Burns, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
41
No. 173, Misc. Howard Wilson, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 174, Misc. Odell Wright, petitioner, v. E. P. Perini, Superin-
tendent, Marion Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 175, Misc. James Robert Stockman, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 176, Misc. Louis Edward Baker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 177, Misc. Allan Dean Hudson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 179, Misc. Francisco R. Ramos, petitioner v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 180, Misc. Loomis Melvin Smith, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 181, Misc. Alex Joseph Duran, Jr., petitioner, v. Wayne K.
Patterson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 182, Misc. Selina Breaux, petitioner, v. G. H. Leidenheimer
Co., Ltd., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 183, Misc. John L. Darby, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 184, Misc. Frank Jones, petitioner, v. Hugh Stanton et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 185, Misc. James E. Sykes, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Purtell,
Sheriff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.
No. 186, Misc. Robert G. Nicholson and Jimmy D. Maddox, peti-
tioners, v. Maurice H. Sigler, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 189, Misc. Marvin Joe Reeves, petitioner, v. Utah. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 190, Misc. Frank L. Blackwelder, petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
42
No. 191, Misc. Clarence W. Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 192, Misc. Guy A. Duval, petitioner, v. J. T. Willingham,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 193, Misc. Kenneth C. Lockett, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 194, Misc. William Roscoe Brown, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 196, Misc. Benjamin Hemphill, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 198, Misc. Roosevelt Boone, petitioner, v. Charles Moylan, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 199, Misc. Albert G. Levy et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery
County, Maryland, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 203, Misc. Raymond C. Woollaston, petitioner, v. James F.
Maroney, Superintendent State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 204, Misc. Joseph Oglesby, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 206, Misc. James Daniel Loewing, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 209, Mise. Tony Woodrow Rea, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ten-
nessee, Western Division, denied.
No. 210, Misc. Francis A. McTague, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 212, Misc. William Nordeste, petitioner, v. United States. Peti.
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 213, Misc. Sedric Hooper, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
43
No. 214, Misc. Gene R. Trotter, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 215, Misc. James R. Durham, Jr., petitioner, v. Luke Brewer,
Sheriff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 216, Misc. Richard K. Blaylock, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 218, Misc. Raymond Gilbert Rice, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 219, Misc. Jesse Jackson, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fifth Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 220, Misc. Lester Jackson, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 222, Misc. Carl Ancrum, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 225, Misc. Henry Stahl, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 228, Misc. Richard Oliver Joseph Mayberry, petitioner, v.
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 229, Misc. James P. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 230, Misc. Adam Stamm, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 232, Misc. George Henry Taylor, petitioner, v. Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 233, Misc. Louie Chacon, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 234, Misc. Wesley Jay Myers, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
44
No. 236, Misc. Leonard Wymer Walle, Jr., petitioner, v. Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 237, Misc. Pearl Belk, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 238, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 239, Misc. Eddie Lee Elton, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 240, Misc. Florencia Elma Vda. de Detablan, petitioner, v. Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Veterans Adminstration. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 241, Misc. Gale William Nettles, petitioner, v. Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 242, Misc. Manuel Estrada, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 243, Misc. Dennis Randel, petitioner, v. Texas Board of Par-
dons and Paroles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 244, Misc. George Fajeriak, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 245, Misc. Otis Williams, petitioner, v. Essex County Welfare
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of New
Jersey, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 246, Misc. Nolan Felix Burchil, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 247, Misc. Barry Keith Leavitt, petitioner, v. Rhode Island.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode Island
denied.
No. 250, Misc. T. C. Potter, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 251, Misc. James S. Pacheco, petitioner, v. Matthew Carberry,
Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 253, Misc. John Stanley Siwakowski, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
45
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 254, Misc. Ray Jones, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 256, Misc. Vernander William Harvey, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 257, Misc. Elmer Poos, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 259, Misc. Walter Ellis Cole, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 260, Misc. Willie Arthur Davis, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California, County
of Butte, denied.
No. 261, Misc. Alfred Jackson, petitioner, v. E. P. Perini, Superin-
tendent, Marion Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 264, Misc. Calvin Manning, petitioner, v. Joseph R. Brierley.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. Harold Arredondo Ortiz, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 267, Misc. Samuel Moody, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 268, Misc. August Costanzo, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 270, Misc. Rufus Marshall, Jr., et ux., petitioners, v. Southern
Farm Bureau Casualty Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 273, Misc. Robert Blackman, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 274, Misc. Robert E. Younglove, petitioner, v. Attorney Gen-
eral of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
46
No. 275, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Daniel J. Mc-
Mann, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 276, Misc. Edward J. Pillis, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 277, Misc. Warfield Milo Goings, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 278, Misc. George G. Shifflett, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 279, Misc. Walter James Scott, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Second District, denied.
No. 281, Misc. Evelyn R. Marks, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 282, Misc. LeRoy Nash, petitioner, v. Frederick G. Reincke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Con-
necticut denied.
No. 283, Misc. David Daniel Cagnolatti, petitioner, v. California
Adult Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 285, Misc. Rufus Earl Davis, petitioner, v. Superintendent of
California Medical Facility. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 286, Misc. Gary W. Oddy, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 291, Misc. Ray Arnold Pemberton, petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 293, Misc. Frederick W. Copeland, petitioner, v. Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 295, Misc. William E. McGuire, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 297, Misc. Dolphin G. Thompson, petitioner, v. The Evening
Star Newspaper Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
47
No. 298, Misc. Lewis Walter Redd, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 301, Misc. Barbara Jean Reid, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 305, Misc. Donald J. Russo, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 308, Misc. William H. Christman, petitioner, v. Gerald S.
Lesher. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
☐ Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 309, Misc. John Wright, petitioner, v. Charles L. McKendrick,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 310, Misc. Arthur Harper, petitioner, v. H. E. Russell, Super-
intendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 311, Misc. Louis L. Furtak, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 313, Misc. Joe Garrison Smith, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 315, Misc. Reuel W. Missmer, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 318, Misc. Bruce Pierce, petitioner, v. Wilbur Cohen, Secre-
tary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 319, Misc. Virginia Kovic, petitioner, v. Department of Pub-
lic Welfare, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 320, Misc. James McKean and Glenda McKean, petitioners, v.
Carmae Corp., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 321, Misc. Harry Rogers, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 322, Misc. George Raymond Joerger, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
48
No. 323, Misc. George B. Tunstall, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 325, Misc. Harbour Tower Development Corp., et al., peti-
tioners, v. A. D. Matheson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 326, Misc. Julius Maranze, petitioner, v. William Terry,
Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 327, Misc. William F. Englehart, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Mas-
sachusetts denied.
No. 328, Misc. Octaviano Joseph Perez, petitioner, v. Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska
denied.
No. 331, Misc. Kenneth Hines, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 332, Misc. Ernest Tait, petitioner, v. Ward Lane, Warden. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 333, Misc. Hutson Moore, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 339, Misc. Milton Jerome Willard, petitioner, v. United States
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 340, Misc. Alton Oliver Anderson, Jr., petitioner, v. Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 341, Misc. James Boston, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 342, Misc. Donald Gene Boag, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 344, Misc. Manuel Vega Guerrero, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nel-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 345, Misc. Oie Willoughby, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
49
No. 348, Misc. Wally Shelby, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 350, Misc. Dennis Ball, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell, Super-
intendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 351, Misc. David John Haskett, petitioner, v. Marion County
Criminal Court, Division One, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 352, Misc. James Paul Gogley, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 355, Misc. Theoplis F. Baker, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 356, Misc. William H. Brown, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 357, Misc. Thomas Baker Barfield, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 358, Misc. Harry Princeton Henderson, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 360, Misc. Herman Max Ruth, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 363, Misc. Keith Wallace, petitioner, v. H. V. Field et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 364, Misc. F. Leland Jones, petitioner, v. Fred B. Hulse, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 365, Misc. Gustavo Lucio, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. .
No. 366, Misc. Gale William Nettles, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 368, Misc. Robert Louis Williford, petitioner, v. J. T. Willing-
ham, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
50
No. 370, Misc. Joseph Nicholas Crisafi, petitioner, v. Arthur L. Oli-
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
ver,
No. 371, Misc. Billy Eugene Dillon, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 372, Misc. Richard Allen Hubbard, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 375, Misc. John Oraa Tucker, petitioner, v. Herbert J. Steffes,
Circuit Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 378, Misc. Rushing Greer, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Wilbur O. Morton, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 384, Misc. Emilio S. Garcia, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 385, Misc. Sidney Jenkins, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 386, Misc. James Davis, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 388, Misc. Ralph Samuel Giles, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern
Division, denied.
No. 389, Misc. Henry Fred Garcia, petitioner, v. John W. Turner,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 390, Misc. Arthur Eugene Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 392, Misc. Irving James Walcott, petitioner, v. Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 393, Misc. John A. Watts, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 396, Misc. Leon J. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
51
No. 398, Misc. Leroy Wayne Earp, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 400, Misc. James Edward Black, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 401, Misc. Larry R. Williamson, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico
denied.
No. 402, Misc. Donald Ray Hoskins, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 404, Misc. Jimmy Vaughn, Jr., petitioner, v. Mose Trujillo,
Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 406, Misc. Elmo Williams, petitioner, v. H. V. Field et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 407, Misc. Walter Fox, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 415, Misc. Dorthe Andrews et al., petitioners, v. Mercedes
Maria Betancourt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 426, Misc. Ralph C. Turner, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 445, Misc. Ernest H. Pritchett, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 446, Misc. James Vienne, petitioner, v. Walter Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 447, Misc. Herman Magby, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 450, Misc. J. DeWitt Bowman, petitioner, v. First National
Bank of Harrisonburg et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 452, Misc. Adrian Rosa, petitioner, v. Harold W. Follette,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 453, Misc. Hollis Morton, petitioner, v. Harry S. Avery, Com-
missioner, Department of Correction, Tennessee. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
52
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 454, Misc. Louis Toliver, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 456, Misc. Eldon Vernon Williams, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 457, Misc. Albert Michael Lucero, petitioner, v. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 461, Misc. Harold Loman, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 464, Misc. Robert Charles Young and Edward Glen Williams,
petitioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 465, Misc. Arthur L. Frederick, petitioner, v. J. E. Baker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 469, Misc. Nathaniel Wade, petitioner, v. Howard Yeager,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 470, Misc. Peter W. Macey, petitioner, v. Palmer C. Scafati,
Superintendent, Massachusetts Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 471, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Tom Adams, Secretary of
State of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 472, Misc. Josh McDaniels, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 474, Misc. Gary Edward Holstein, petitioner, v. Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 476, Misc. Rexford G. Cassidy, petitioner, v. Walter M. Rid-
dles, City Sergeant, City of Danville, Virginia, Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 477, Misc. Henry Grady Maddox, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 484, Misc. Harry Levine et al., petitioners, v. Revlon, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
53
No. 491, Misc. George W. Marcum, petitioner, v. Kentucky et al
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 527, Misc. Ervin Hohensee and Richard Hohensee, petitioners,
v. Lovell O. Minear. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 530, Misc. Daniel Biglow, petitioner, v. Louie Wainwright,
Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 538, Misc. L. Barbara Savely Swanson, petitioner, v. Millard
L. Bridges, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 556, Misc. David McCorpen, petitioner, v. Central Gulf Steam-
ship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 582, Misc. Ralph C. Turner, petitioner, v. D. J. Sheehy. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 612, Misc. James Edward Washington, petitioner, v. New Jer-
sey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 23, Misc. Kenneth Jordan, petitioner, v. Ohio et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 55, Misc. Joe Allan Smoak, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California, County
of Orange, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 61, Misc. Maynard Fred Edwards, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 64, Misc. Rollin Eugene Smith, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 98, Misc. Henry. H. Banks, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 125, Misc. Herbert W. Boeckenhaupt, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
54
No. 263, Misc. Paul V. Winters, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 306, Misc. Emmitt O. Hashfield, petitioner, v. Circuit Court
of Monroe County, Indiana, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Indiana denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 83, Misc. Charles Griffith Wright, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, and for other relief, denied.
No. 96, Misc. Israel Schawartzberg, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 300, Misc. Frederick C. Fermin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this petition.
No. 312, Misc. Lloyd Lucas, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 494, Misc. Julia Lee Charles, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 113, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. John W. Macy, Jr., et
al. Motion to supplement record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 121, Misc. Henry A. Vigliano, petitioner, v. John G. Thevos
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 158, Misc. Lloyd Eldon Miller, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J.
Pate, Warden. Motion of Radio Station W-A-I-T (Chicago) et al.,
for leave to file brief, as amici curiae, granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
55
No. 338, Misc. Edward Andre Oquendo, petitioner, v. United
States. Motion of Youth against War and Fascism for leave to file a
brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 169, Misc. Clarence Eugene Wilson, petitioner, v. California;
and
No. 594, Misc. Time, Inc. and Dan Jenkins, petitioners, v. Bơn
Air Hotel, Inc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 105, Misc. Charles Allison, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden et al.;
No. 266, Misc. Brooks L. Chandler, petitioner, v. John W. Turner,
Warden;
No. 272, Misc. Edward McCray, petitioner, v. J. T. Willingham,
Warden;
No. 302, Misc. Phillip L. Pelletier, petitioner, v. Jacob J. Parker,
Warden;
No. 346, Misc. Ruchell Magee, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden, et el;
No. 347, Misc. Jessie J. Jones, petitioner, v. Harold W. Follette,
Warden;
No. 353, Misc. Edward Frank Kanieski, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden;
No. 367, Misc. Ex parte Jack Kamsler, petitioner;
No. 381, Misc. Starr L. Card, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden;
No. 419, Misc. Glen R. Holscher, petitioner, v. Jack G. Young,
Warden;
No. 436, Misc. Edward Blake Taylor, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden;
No.451, Misc. Ottis Mayo Jones, petitioner, v. Olin G. Blackwell,
Warden;
No. 501, Misc. Herman R. Hayman, petitioner, v. C. J. Fitzharris,
Superintendent, California Training Facility;
No. 509, Misc. Orlanderous Roberts, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary;
No. 511, Misc. Joseph Michael Lacaze et al., petitioners, v. Olin G.
Blackwell, Warden;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
56
No. 558, Misc. Willie J. Byrd, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden;
No. 579, Misc. Robert Edward William Cowling, petitioner, v.
Walter E. Craven, Warden; and
No. 584, Misc. Edward Ward Owen, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 11, Misc. Oscar Floyd Wharton, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Brennan and Mr. Justice Stewart would transfer this case to the
United States District Court under 28 U.S.C. 2241 (b). Peyton v Rowe,
391 U.S. 54.
No. 296, Misc. J. B. Smith, petitioner, v. Carl G. Hocker, Warden;
No. 316, Misc. Irwin W. Anderten, petitioner, v. Warden, South
Dakota Penitentiary;
No. 334, Misc. Raymond Nielson, petitioner, v. Don R. Erickson,
Warden;
No. 361, Misc. John Arthur Welsh, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden;
No. 536, Misc. Ronald Arthur Fossum, petitioner, v. Jack D. Por-
ter, Sheriff of King County, Washington; and
No. 576, Misc. John Arthur Welsh, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 200, Misc. Leroy Harshaw, petitioner, v. Theodore Levin,
United States District Judge, etc.;
No. 205, Misc. Eusebius J. Biggs, petitioner, v. William Campbell,
Judge, etc.; and
No. 526, Misc. Daniel Colchico et al., petitioners, v. William T.
Sweigert, United States District Judge. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 140, Misc. Duncan Miller, petitioner, v. Stewart Udall et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibi-
tion denied.
No. 374, Misc. Z. T. Osborn, Jr., petitioner, v. Paul C. Weick, Chief
Judge, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this motion.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF PROHIBITION DENIED
57
No. 448, Misc. Louis Ortega, petitioner, v. James Montante, Judge
Circuit Court of Wayne County, Michigan; and
No. 532, Misc. Carl E. Anderson, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of prohibition denied.
No. 516, Misc. American Pipe and Construction Co., petitioner, v.
Martin Pence, United States District Judge. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of prohibition and/or mandamus denied.
RHEARINGS DENIED
No. 247, October Term, 1967. The Puyallup Tribe, etc. petitioner
v. Department of Game of Washington et al.;
No. 405, October Term, 1967. Leroy Powell, appellant, v. Texas;
No. 508, October Term, 1967. Thelma Levy, etc., appellant, v.
Louisiana, etc., et al.;
No. 639, October Term, 1967. Minnie Brade Glona, petitioner, v.
American Guarantee & Liability Insurance Company et al.;
No. 765, October Term, 1967. Russel Milton Wills, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 941, October Term, 1967. Frank Anthony Carcerano, peti-
tioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden, Warden;
No. 1015, October Term, 1967. William C. Witherspoon, peti-
tioner, v. Illinois et al.;
No. 1076, October Term, 1967. Ernest C. Pickens, petitioner, v.
Arthur L. Oliver, Warden;
No. 1178, October Term, 1967. Edward Franzen, petitioner, v.
The Township of Elk et al.;
No. 1245, October Term, 1967. In the Matter of Disciplinary Pro-
ceedings against Loring J. Whiteside, petitioner;
No. 1255, October Term, 1967. Reuben L. Jones, appellant, v.
Louisiana;
No. 1261, October Term, 1967. Lewis P. Goldman, appellant, v.
New York;
No. 1289, October Term, 1967. Garland Claude Cochran and Jack
Donald Evans, petitioners, v. United States;
No. 1319, October Term, 1967. William P. Hagerty, petitioner, v.
Louisiana;
No. 1330, October Term, 1967. Sherman H. Skolnick, and Peter
S. Sarelas, appellants, v. Walter H. Moses et al.;
No. 1343, October Term, 1967. Thelbert Earl O'Kelley and Eu-
gene Thurman Landers, Jr., petitioners, v. California; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
58
No. 1452, October Term, 1967. John J. Scarselletti, petitioner, v.
Aetna Casualty & Surety Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 469, October Term, 1962. United States for the use and benefit
of Henry J. Larkin, etc., petitioner, v. Platt Contracting Co., Inc.,
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Fortas and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 23. October Term, 1967. First National Bank of Arizona,
petitoner, v. Cities Service Co. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 232, October Term, 1967. United States, petitioner, v. David
Paul O'Brien; and
No. 233, October Term, 1967. David Paul O'Brien, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 335, October Term, 1967. The Hanover Shoe, Inc., petitioner
v. United Shoe Machinery Corporation; and
No. 463, October Term, 1967. United Shoe Machinery Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. The Hanover Shoe, Inc.;
No. 857, October Term, 1967. James Miller, a/k/a Frank James
Coppola, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 974, October Term, 1967. In the Matter of Diana Kearny
Powell, petitioner;
No. 1200, October Term, 1967. Diana Kearny Powell, petitioner,
v. Committee on Admissions and Grievances of the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia;
No. 1364, October Term, 1967. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, petitioner, v. Sugar Daddy, Inc., et al.; and
No. 1389, October Term, 1967. Adolph Weinberg et ux., petition-
ers, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these petitions.
No. 309, October Term, 1967. American Federation of Musicians
of the United States and Canada, et al., petitioners, v. Joseph Carroll
et al.; and
No. 310, October Term, 1967. Joseph Carroll et al., petitioners, v.
American Federation of Musicians of the United States and Canada
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 618, October Term, 1967. Fortnightly Corporation, petition-
er, v. United Artists Television, Inc. Motion of the Authors League
of America, Inc., for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, in support
of rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Dou-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
59
glas, Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 788, October Term, 1967. James D. McCollough, petitioner,
v. The Travelers Insurance Company, et al.;
No. 877, October Term, 1967. Andrew Nicholson, petitioner, v.
C. D. Calbeck, Deputy Commissioner, et al.; and
No. 1017, October Term, 1967. John Houser, petitioner, v. J. J.
O'Leary, Deputy Commissioner, Fourteenth Compensation District,
et al.; and
No. 1369, October Term, 1967. Arthur Sonderegger, petitioner,
v. Olive Heiss. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1269, October Term, 1967. Central Bank and Trust Com-
pany, appellant, v. United States et al.; and
No. 1270, October Term, 1967. Dages I. Boyle, appellant, v.
United States et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 1377, October Term, 1967. Nathan Wechsler et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States. Motion for leave to file supplement to peti-
tion for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 501, Misc., October Term, 1967. Lewis G. Robinson, peti-
tioner v. Civil Service Commission, City of Cleveland, Ohio;
No. 920, Misc., October Term, 1967. Carl Houston Roberts, peti-
tioner, v. Lake F. Russell, Warden;
No. 969, Misc., October Term, 1967. Frank Wolff, petitioner, v.
Jay Foley;
No. 1030, Misc., October Term, 1967. Leon E. West, petitioner,
v. Daniel McMann, Warden;
No. 1198, Misc., October Term, 1967. George Willie Hobbs, pe-
titioner, v. Max P. Frye, Warden;
No. 1224, Misc., October Term, 1967. Clifford Darrell Carroll,
petitioner, v. Texas;
No. 1262, Misc., October Term, 1967. Saul Kozuck et ux., peti-
tioners, v. Lal Construction Company;
No. 1309, Misc., October Term, 1967. Edward Hodge, petitioner,
v. Tennessee;
No. 1363, Misc., October Term, 1967. Jose Becera-Soto, peti-
tioner, v. United States; ·
No. 1401, Misc., October Term, 1967. Doss Jackson, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1447, Misc., October Term, 1967. Robert Watson, petitioner,
v. Common Pleas Court of Philadelphia, Pa., et al.;
No. 1482, Misc., October Term, 1967. Abner Siegal, petitioner, v.
United States;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
60
No. 1494, Misc., October Term, 1967. Travis T. Perkins, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1571, Misc., October Term, 1967. William McNeill, petitioner,
v. John P. Garrity, Warden;
No. 1637, Misc., October Term, 1967. N. K. Fields, appellant, v.
Department of Social Welfare;
No. 1646, Misc., October Term, 1967. William Randolph Cinna-
mon, petitioner, v. Kentucky;
No. 1653, Misc., October Term, 1967. Robert Jewell Landman,
Sr., petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton, Superintendent, Virginia State Peni-
tentiary;
No. 1674, Misc., October Term, 1967. Eusebius J. Biggs, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1675, Misc., October Term, 1967. Eusebius J. Biggs, peti-
tioner, v. William G. Campbell, etc.; and
No. 1854, Misc., October Term, 1967. Eusebius J. Biggs, peti-
tioner, v. John Does et al.;
No. 1861, Misc., October Term, 1967. Lester E. Morford, III, pe-
tioner, v. Carl Hocker, Warden; and
No. 1875, Misc., October Term, 1967. Claude Harris, petitioner,
v. B. J. Rhay, Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 548, Misc., October Term, 1967. Jack Lloyd McCarty and
John Boyd, petitioners, v. Kansas. Petition for rehearing by peti-
tioner, McCarty, denied.
No. 883, Misc., October Term, 1967. Ray Elbert Parker, petition-
er, v. Maryland et al. Motion for leave to file second petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 1550, Misc., October Term, 1967. Freda Clark, petitioner, v.
Catherine Payne. Motion of Lewis Clark for leave to file brief, as amicus
curiae, in support of rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 1579, Misc., October Term, 1967. Richard Silva, petitioner,
v. George J. Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Motion
for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 133, October Term, 1967. Willie Israel Alderman et al., pe-
titioners, v. United States. Reargued by Mr. Solicitor General Gris-
wold for the respondent and by Mr. Edward Bennett Williams for the
petitioners.
No. 11. Igor A. Ivanov, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by Mr.
Edward Bennett Williams for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Griswold for the respondent.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1968
61
No. 197. John William Butenko, petitioner, v. United States. Ar-
gued by Mr. Charles Danzig for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor
General Griswold for the respondent.
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Victor A. Sachse for the defendants and continued
by Mr. J. B. Miller for the defendants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 15, 1968, will be as follows: Nos.
9, Orig., 3, and 25 (26 and 36).
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1968
62
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Leon H. Sorell, of San Francisco, Calif., Simon Spill, of Bidde-
ford, Me., Robert James Pape, of Rockville Centre, N.Y., John M.
Farrell, Jr., of Manhasset, N.Y., Marcus F. Clark, of Lebanon, Ohio,
P. Daniel Fedders, of Franklin, Ohio, and William Warnock Gibbs, of
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne; Anthony
Michael Summers, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Stuart H. Swett, of
Coronado, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Kuchel; Maynard Gar-
rison, of San Francisco, Calif., and Maynard Garrison, Jr., of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. George Hughes Revercomb; Alan
Friend Rothschild, of Columbus, Ga., on motion of Mr. William W.
Koontz; Newton S. Friedman, of Duluth, Minn., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence Speiser; Luther Edward Creel, Jr., of Athens, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Walter R. Johnson; Robert Loring Dolbeare, of Rich-
mond, Va., on motion of Mr. Lewis T. Booker, Jr.; Ronald J. Butta-
razzi, of Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Irwin Goldbloom; Claude
R. Miller, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Francis A. Keegan; James
Ralph Curto, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Michael Arthur
Brown; Robert Bruce Lacey, of Detroit, Mich., and Ellis Robert
Whinham, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Lawrence G. Meyer;
Robert Allan Rozen, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Harold Frank-
lin McCart, Jr.; James J. Oppen, of Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Willard M. Hanger; Mario G. Obledo, of San Antonio, Tex.,
motion of Mr. Jack Greenberg; Elliott C. Lichtman, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Arnold Georges Derfner; Barry Arthur Zaslav,
of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Leonard Blondes; William
A. Runyan, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frederick Sass, Jr.;
and Ronald Lee Aylward, of St. Louis, Mo., and Richard Henderson
Ely, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. John Egan Shea, were ad-
mitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
on
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. B. Miller for the de-
fendants, by Mr. Archibald Cox for the plaintiff, and concluded by
Mr. Victor A. Sachse for the defendants.
340-278-68-11

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1968
63
No. 3. Richard Allen et al., appellants, v. State Board of Elections
et al. Argued by Mr. Norman C. Amaker for the appellants and by
Mr. R. D. McIllwaine, III, for the appellees.
OPINION
No. 543. Glen A. Williams et al., appellants, v. James A. Rhodes
et al.; and
No. 544. Socialist Labor Party et al., appellants, v. James A. Rhodes
et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio. Judgment affirmed in No. 544. Judgment modified
in No. 543 to grant the Independent Party the right to have its name
printed on the ballot. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan con-
curring in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice White dissenting in No.
543 and concurring in No. 544. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart in No. 543, who concurs in the judgment in No. 544 insofar
as it denies equitable relief to the appellants. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 16, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 25 (26 and 36), 7, and 8.
Х

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1968
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Harry M. Sterling, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner
Claiborne; Joe H. Eidson, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr.
William E. Foley; Perry D. Loomer, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., Thomas E.
Flynn, of Washington, D.C., and Charles E. Brown II, of Gaines-
ville, Mo., on motion of Mr. Harold W. Gardner; David M. Jenkins
II, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Earl G. Spiker; George
Browning III, of Washington, D.C., and Gary Raymond Eliasen, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Kenneth A. Pels; Karl A.
Limbach, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. James Lawrence
Dooley; John D. Lawyer, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Ter-
rance Sheehy; Herman Miller, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Raphael G. Urciolo; Thomas H. Link, of Akron, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Francis C. Browne; Walter Love Stratton, of Greenwich,
Conn., on motion of Mr. Andrew J. Kilcarr; Michael R. Pizziferri,
of Brighton, Mass., and Joseph A. Todisco, of Natick, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. Peter F. Hines; and Thomas G. Dignan, Jr., of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Leon E. Irish, were admitted to practice.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. John P. McAbee et al., petitioners, v. Eugene Martinez
et al. The application for injunctive relief presented to the Chief
Justice, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. . David Quinn Cavagnaro, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark,
Attorney General, et al.; and
No. 889, Misc. Mark Paulekas, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark, At-
torney General, et al. These applications for stays, made to Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, were submitted by him to the Court and denied by it.
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart
would grant the stays.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 25. J. C. Fairley et al., appellants v. Joe T. Patterson et al.;
No. 26. Charles E. Bunton et al., appellants, v. Joe T. Patterson
et al.; and
340-278-68-12

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1968
65
No. 36. Cliffton Whitley et al., appellants, v. John Bell Williams,
Governor of Mississippi, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argued by Mr. Armand Derfner and Mr. Elliott C. Lichtman
for the appellants, by Mr. Stephen J. Pollak for the United States,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. William A.
Allain and Mr. Will S. Wells for the appellees. Memorandum from
Solicitor General to come.
No. 7. Susan Epperson et al., appellants, v. Arkansas. Argued by
Mr. Eugene R. Warren for the appellants and by Mr. Don Langston
for the appellee.
No. 8. William Spinelli, petitioner, v. United States. Leave granted
Mr. Joseph J. Connolly to appear and present oral argument for the
respondent, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman.
Argument commenced by Mr. Irl B. Baris for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 17, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 8, 10, 13 (and 15), and 5.
Х

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
66
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Marcel B. Poché, of San Jose, Calif., Ian Richard Ruman, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Charles L. Ruffner, of Maimi, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; Eleanor Holmes Norton, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Judge A. Leon Higginbotham, Jr.; Emanuel Francis
Abbate, of New York, N.Y., and Emil V. Pilz, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. George Foster Mackey; John Hughes Verchot, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Irving L. Chasen; Thomas Graham, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Calvin Davison; Lewis Wein-
stock, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. James M. Marsh; Edward
William Brown, of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. Maurice H.
Klitzman; Albert H. Blumenthal, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. David T. Goldstick; William Paul Jackson, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Martin Sterenbuch; and Sherrill William
Colvin, of Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. William D. Matthews,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 8. William Spinelli, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
continued by Mr. Irl B. Baris for the petitioner, by Mr. Joseph J.
Connolly for the respondent, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court,
and concluded by Mr. Irl B. Baris for the petitioner.
No. 10. WHYY, Inc., appellant, v. Borough of Glassboro et al.
Argued by Mr. James M. Marsh for the appellant and by Mr. John
W. Trimble for the appellees.
No. 13. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Aberdeen and Rockfish Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 15. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Aberdeen
and Rockfish Railroad Company et al. Argued by Mr. Edward A. Kaier
and Mr. Arthur J. Cerra for the appellants and by Mr. Carl E. Sanders
and Mr. Howard J. Trienens for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 9 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 18, 1968, will be as follows: No.
647.
Х
340-278-68-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice
White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Robert P. Schwenn, of Huntsville, Ala., and Rober F. Boult, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles Morgan, Jr., were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos,
etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Charles Morgan, Jr., for the appellants and
by Mr. L. Drew Redden for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, October 21, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 21, 1968, will be as follows: Nos.
5, 6, 19, and 16 (and 18).
340-278-68-14

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice
White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos, etc.
et al. The order entered October 14, 1968, restoring temporary relief is
continued pending action upon the jurisdictional statement which
has been filed. The motion to advance and expedite is denied. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan, concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White dissent from the con-
tinuance of the order restoring temporary relief. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this matter.
☑
340-278-68-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
Fred C. Dodge, of Oakland, Calif., P. J. Carroll, of Miami, Fla.,
Benjamin E. Franklin, of Kansas City, Kans., Ernest A. Carabillo, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., Lawrence S. Greenwald, of Beltsville, Md., and
Albert Bahcall, of Milwaukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Erwin N. Griswold; Barry H. Singer, of Scarsdale, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Erwin L. Weisl, Jr.; Jonathan S. Cohen, of Alexandria,
Va., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; Wayne S. Bishop, of
Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Norton J. Come; Kenneth L.
Anderson, of Louisville, Ky., and A. Scott Hamilton, Jr., of Louisville,
Ky., on motion of Miss Margaret H. Brass; James Richard Beek, of
Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. Daniel A. Rezneck; William F.
Reynard, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser;
John Cornelius Bomar, of Shelbyville, Tenn., John Christopher
Shofner, of Shelbyville, Tenn., James Lafayette Bomar, Jr., of Shelby-
ville, Tenn., and Jack Middleton Irion, of Shelbyville, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. Norman A. Flaningam; Overton Anderson Currie, of
Atlanta, Ga., and Edward Hornsby Wasson, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Henry B. Keiser; Wade M. Smith, of Raleigh, N.C.,
and James Harold Tharrington, of Raleigh, N.C., on motion of
Mr. J. C. B. Ehringhaus, Jr.; Wade Hampton Hargrove, Jr., of
Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Richard Hildreth; Joseph M. Butler,
of Rapid City, S. Dak., and Thomas H. Foye, of Rapid City, S. Dak.,
on motion of Mr. Raymond W. Bergan; Vincent Edgar Odgers, of
Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. James H. Mann; and Estelle A.
Fishbein, of Baltimore, Md., Anthony Morris Carey, of Baltimore,
Md., Thomas A. Garland, of Baltimore, Md., George William Lieb-
mann, of Baltimore, Md., Alfred James O'Ferrall, III, of Baltimore,
Md., and S. Leonard Rottman, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Robert Francis Sweeney, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
340-278-68-16

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
OPINION PER CURIAM
70
70
No. 195. Chemical Tank Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Edward W. Hol-
stine. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 206. Continental Oil Company, appellant, v. United States.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
New Mexico. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Harlan, believing that the case involves issues of fact and law
which should not be decided without plenary consideration, would
note probable jurisdiction and set the case for argument. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 247. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. United Gas
Pipe Line Company; and
No. 248. Memphis Light, Gas and Water Division, petitioner, v.
United Gas Pipe Line Company. On petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion
in No. 247 to use record in Nos. 127 and 128, October Term, 1966,
granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari granted, judgment reversed,
and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to re-
turn case to the Commission for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Fortas
and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision
of these cases.
No. 279. V. Lee Bounds, Warden, petitioner, v. Marion Frank
Crawford. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Motion of respondent for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for
further consideration in light of Witherspoon v. Illinois, 391 U.S. 510,
and for consideration of the other constitutional questions raised in
the case. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 352. In re Robert W. Hagopian, appellant. Appeal from the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. The motion for leave to file
an amended jurisdictional statement is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 364. Mary Lee Lake et vir, appellants, v. Potomac Light and
Power Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West
Virginia. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating

NEW
york
MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
71
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 379. International Terminal Operating Co., Inc., petitioner,
v. N. V. Nederl. Amerik Stoomv. Maats. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Middle District of
SOUTHERN
Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 380. Andrew Dymytryshyn et al., appellants, v. P. A. Esperdy,
District Director of the New York District of the Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
IT IS ORDERED that the Honorable Joseph P. Willson, Senior Judge
of the United States District Court for the Western District of Penn-
sylvania, be, and he is hereby appointed Special Master in this case in
the place of the Honorable Charles J. Vogel, Resigned. The Special
Master shall have authority to fix the time and conditions for the
filing of additional pleadings and to direct subsequent proceedings,
and authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and take such
evidence as they may be introduced and such as he may deem it neces-
sary to call for. The master is directed to submit such reports as he may
deem appropriate.
The master shall be allowed his actual expenses. The allowances to
him, the compensation paid to his technical, stenographic, and clerical
assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper expenses
shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such proportion
as the Court hereafter may direct.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that if the position of Special Master in this
case becomes vacant during a recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall
have authority to make a new designation which shall have the same
effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 40. William Joe Johnson, petitioner, v. Harry S. Avery, Com-
missioner of Correction; et al. The motion of the American Civil Lib-
erties Union et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 243. Citizen Publishing Company et al., appellants, v. United
United States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
72
District of Arizona. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Fortas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 366. United States, appellant, v. Henry Preston Covington.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Ohio. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Case placed
on the summary calendar and set for oral argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 65.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 109. Margaret E. Snyder, petitioner, v. Charles Harris and
Earl Kirchhoff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 343. United States, petitioner, v. An Article of Drug ***
Bacto-Unidisk ***. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 117. The Gas Service Company, petitioner, v. Otto R. Coburn,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit granted. Case placed on the summary
calendar and set for oral argument immediately following No. 109.
No. 297. Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v.
Veljko Stan'sic. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 43, Misc. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. California. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, granted.
Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 80. Emmett Canard et al., petitioners, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 146. Nicholas Gallicchio, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 166. Joseph Rinaldi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 282. National Plan, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Church of Christ
of Ecorse, Michigan, et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
73
No. 391. Church of Christ of Ecorse, Michigan, et al., petitioners,
v. National Plan, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305. Stanley Westreich, petitioner, v. Walter P. McFarland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 307. James Edmund Brady, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 315. Mason Hoffenberg, petitioner, v. Abraham L. Kamin-
stein, Register of Copyrights. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 329. William G. Brakefield, petitioner, v. Walter P. McFar-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 338. N. Alfred Winn, petitioner, v. The Florida Bar. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 347. American Life and Accident Insurance Company of Ken-
tucky, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 356. Oil, Chemical and Atomic Workers International Union,
Long Beach Local No. 1–128, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 360. J. Sterling Halstead, petitioner, v. Refined Syrups &
Sugars, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 368. Association on Broadcasting Standards, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Communications Commission and United States;
No. 369. The King's Garden, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Com-
munications Commission and United States; and
No. 390. WBEN, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Communications
Commission and United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 374. James A. Totton, dba Totton and Dunn Company, peti-
tioner, v. Local 43 of United Association of Journeymen and Ap-
prentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United
States and Canada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeal for the Sixth Circuit denied.
340-278-68--17

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
74
No. 382. Estelle Latta, petitioner, v. Wells Fargo Bank et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 330. Charles Conley Lynch et al., petitioners, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 378. Delaware Valley Conservation Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Stanley R. Resor, Individually and as Secretary of the
Department of the Army, et al. Motion to dispense with printing
petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 50, Misc. George Wm. Daegele, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 75, Misc. Richard Arland Taylor, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 289, Misc. Phillip Shorey, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 418, Misc. John Wellington Johnson, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 420, Misc. Walter Williams, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 421, Misc. James M. Fletcher, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 424, Misc. M. A. Steinhardt, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Fourth District, denied.
No. 432, Misc. Ben Lee Brown, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 433, Misc. Joe Montanez Ray, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 434, Misc. Robert O. Gilmore, Jr., petitioner, v. California
Adult Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
75
No. 435, Misc. Rush O. Nichols, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 439, Misc. Cleon Robbins, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 468, Misc. Charles Edward Townsend, petitioner, v. City of
Helena, Arkansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas denied
No. 488, Misc. Robert Montague, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 489, Misc. Donald Corn, petitioner, v. Oklahoma et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 492, Misc. Paul Arnold, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 493, Misc. Sheldon A. Dorian, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for he Third
Circuit denied.
No. 496, Misc. Robert E. Pierce, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 504, Misc. Vernon L. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 510, Misc. Louis L. Furtak, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 514, Misc. Santiago Torres Melendez, petitioner, v. Lawrence
E. Wilson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 517, Misc. James William Collins, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nel-
son, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 518, Misc. William Leighton McDonough, petitioner, v. Di-
rector, Patuxent Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Special Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 519, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Anthony Schleman Tax
Collector et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
76
No. 523, Misc. Tony Valdez, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 539, Misc. Robert F. Urbano, petitioner, v. Wenda Davis Son-
dern, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Joel D. Hankins et al., petitioners, v. Matthew A.
Kane, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 549, Misc. Frederick C. Fermin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 551, Misc. Paul Nathaniel Hall, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 574, Misc. Junius Gregory, petitioner, v. Joe Louis Waller.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 588, Misc. Emmet Walter Wendt, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 623, Misc. Robert Allen Ray, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court, Middle District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 633, Misc. George C. Desmond, petitioner, v. United States
Board of Parole. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 641, Misc. Kenneth Ronald Graves, petitioner, v. Nevada. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 648, Misc. Thomas Edward Kayser and Ronald Mathes, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 156, Misc. Herbert A. Ellenbogen, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 583, Misc. Charles I. Spiesel, petitioner, v. Allan Roos et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1968
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
77
No. 217, Misc. James O'Hear Sanders et al., petitioners, v. Griffin
B. Bell, etc., et al.; and
No. 463, Misc. Jack A. Gullo, petitioner, v. District of Columbia
Court of General Sessions, Domestic Relations Branch, et al. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 569, Misc., October Term, 1966. Thomas Griffin, petitioner,
v. Edward J. Hendrick, Superintendent of County Prisons. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 636, Misc., October Term, 1967. E'Thelbert Rucker, peti-
tioner, v. Donn D. Parker, et al. Motion for leave to file a second peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 28, 1968, until
Tuesday, November 12, 1968.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 5. Sidney Street, appellant, v. New York. Argued by Mr.
David T. Goldstick for the appellant and by Mr. Harry Brodbar for
the appellee.
No. 6. Joseph Carroll et al., petitioners, v. The President and Com-
missioners of Princess Anne et al. Argued by Mrs. Eleanor H. Norton
and Mr. William H. Zinman for the petitioners and by Mr. S. Leonard
Rottman and Mr. Alexander G. Jones for the respondents.
No. 19. Universal Interpretive Shuttle Corporation, petitioner, v.
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission et al. One hour
and forty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced
by Mr. Jeffrey L. Nagin for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Clyde
O. Martz for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court, and by Mr. Russell W. Cunningham for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 22, 1968, will be as follows: Nos.
19, 16 (and 18), 14, 17, and 20.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1968
78
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Elizabeth A. Helfrich, of Salinas, Calif., James K. Batchelor, of
Fullerton, Calif., and Mark Owens, Jr., of Berkeley, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Clyde O. Martz; William Alan Fawcett, of Washington, D.C.,
Robert Vaughn Bullock, of Alexandria, Va., Marvin J. Morrison, of
St. Paul, Minn., and Guy E. Matthews, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. James McI. Henderson; Alfred L. Wolff, of Fort Atkinson,
Wisc., on motion of Mr. Marion Albert Figinski; Kent Sandidge, III,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Philip Silverman; Wilfred
Grifka, of Altadena, Calif., and John Helms Warden, of Rowland
Heights, Calif., on motion of Mr. Philip Travis; William C. Cahill,
of Phoenix, Ariz., and William H. Drummond, of Phoenix, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Eric P. Schellin; Ernest William Hays, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Wilson M. Matthews; Douglas Vernon
Rigler, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Ephraim Jacobs; Jorge
Luis Ortiz-Viera, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr. Victor A. Alt-
man; and Frederico Ramirez-Ros, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr.
Overton Anderson Currie, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 19. Universal Interpretive Shuttle Corporation, petitioner, v.
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission, et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Russel W. Cunningham and Mr. Manuel J. Davis
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Clyde O. Martz for the
United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 16. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al.,
appellants, v. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company et
al.; and
No. 18. Robert N. Hardin, Prosecuting Attorney for the Seventh
Judicial Circuit of Arkansas, et al., appellants, v. Chicago, Rock Is-
land and Pacific Railroad Company et al. One and one-half hours
allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. James E. Youngdahl and
Mr. Leslie Evitts for the appellants and by Mr. Robert V. Light and
Mr. Martin M. Lucente for the appellees.
340-278-68-18

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1968
79
No. 14. Commonwealth Coatings Corporation, petitioner, v. Con-
tinental Casualty Company et al. Argued by Emanuel Harris for
the petitioner and by Mr. Overton A. Currie for the respondents.
No. 17. United States, petitioner, v. The Donruss Company. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Mitchell Rogovin for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Richard L. Braunstein for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 23, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 17, 20, and 9 (33 and 34).
Х

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1968
80
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
| art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Marvin Goldsmith, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Arne L. Schoeller,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Harris Weinstein; Jerome
Elliot Sharfman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert Wil-
liam Ginnane; Frances M. Dudleston, of Portland, Oreg., and Dorothy
M. Martindale, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Miss L. Marie Van
Hise; Thomas D. Pucci, of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. James
H. Duffy; Albert Grossman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Donald K. Graham; Osee R. Fagan, of Gainesville, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Clarence Worth Rowley, Jr.; Douglas Brendan O'Connell, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William Barrett Taylor III; Wil-
liam Robert Creasey, of Dallas, Tex., and Michael Dale Cropper, of
Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Carl Frederick Bauersfeld; Jerry
S. Byrd, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. DaCosta V. Mason;
and G. Alan Cunningham, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr.
John P. Arness, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 17. United States, petitioner, v. The Donruss Company. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Richard L. Braunstein for the respondent.
No. 20. Joyce C. Thorpe, petitioner, v. Housing Authority of the
City of Durham. Argued by Mr. James M. Nabrit III, for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Daniel K. Edwards for the respondent.
No. 9. Bernard Shapiro, Commissioner of Welfare of the State of
Connecticut, appellant, v. Vivian Thompson;
No. 33. Walter E. Washington et al., appellants, v. Clay Mae Le-
grant et al.; and
No. 34. Roger A. Reynolds et al., appellants, v. Juanita Smith et al.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Reargument commenced by
Mr. Francis J. MacGregor for the appellants and continued by Mrs.
Lorna L. Williams for the State of Iowa, as amicus curiae, by Mr.
Richard W. Barton and Mr. William C. Sennett for the appellants
and by Mr. Archibald Cox for the appellees.
340-278-68-19

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1968
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
81
The day call for Thursday, October 24, 1968, will be as follows: Nos.
9 (33 and 34), 29, 35, and 46.
Х

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1968
82
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
William Thompson Finley, Jr., of Falls Church, Va., on motion of
Mr. Warren Christopher; William Francis Hayes, of Ripon, Wis.,
on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne; John N. Gardner, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, and John J. Gill, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Earl R. Stanley; Robert H. Johnson, of Cambridge, Mass., and Leon
Friedman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Melvin L. Wulf;
Milnor H. Senior, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Charles Franklin
Cook, Jr.; Clyde Franklin Willian, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. James P. Hume; Donald L. Benton, of Ventura, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Richard Thomas Burress; Randolph Guggenheimer, Jr., of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Alan S. Ward; Robert Ullman, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Vincent A. Kleinfield; Kenneth
M. Nohe, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Charles B. Kirbow;
Leo J. McNamara, of East Lyme, Conn., on motion of Mr. James A.
Dorsch; Harry Downs, of Cambridge, Mass., on motion of Mr. Paul
Edmund McNulty; Richard Scrivener Beatty, of Washington, D.C.,
and Robert S. Edwards, of Plant City, Fla., on motion of Mr. Howard
Cecil Kilpatrick; Garth E. Griffith, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Doyle S.
Morris, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward K. Wheeler;
and James Edward Fannon, Jr., of Bowie, Md., John Joseph
Garrity, Jr., of West Hyattsville, Md., Donald Paul McLaughlin, of
Hyattsville, Md., Joseph Christopher Sauerwein, of Upper Marlboro,
Md., and Edward Allen Shepherd, Jr., of Riverdale, Md., on motion
of Mr. Arthur Albert Marshall, Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 9. Bernard Shapiro, Commissioner of Welfare of the State of
Connecticut, appellant, v: Vivian Thompson;
No. 33. Walter E. Washington et al., appellants, v. Clay Mae Le-
grant et al.; and
No. 34. Roger A. Reynolds et al., appellants, v. Juanita Smith et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the appellees and con-
cluded by Mr. William C. Sennett for the appellants. Memorandum for
appellees to come.
340-278-68-20

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1968
83
No. 29. United States, appellant v. The Concentrated Phosphate
Export Association, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Warren Christopher
for the appellant and by Mr. Samuel W. Murphy, Jr., for the appellees.
No. 35. Carl F. Grunenthal, petitioner, v. The Long Island Rail-
road Company et al. Argued by Mr. Milford J. Meyer for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Daniel M. Gibson for the respondents.
No. 46. James J. Oestereich, petitioner, v. Selective Service System
Local Board No. 11, Cheyenne, Wyoming, et al. Argued by Mr. Melvin
L. Wulf for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for
the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, October 28, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
Х

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
84
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. William S. Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Beverly E.
Powell, etc. The application for a stay of deployment presented to
Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 889, Misc. Mark Paulekas, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark, Attor-
ney General, et al. The petition for a rehearing from the denial of the
stay of induction is granted, and the stay heretofore granted by Mr.
Justice Douglas is continued until the further order of the Court.
Mr. Justice Fortas dissents.
☑
340-278-68-21

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
85
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Fortas.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John K. Van de Kamp, of Pasadena, Calif., Walter F. O'Brien, of
Sacramento, Calif., Robert R. Mallicoat, of Beverly Hills, Calif., Gil-
lis E. Powell, of Crestview, Fla., James E. Moore, of Niceville, Fla.,
Jack M. Webb, of Houston, Tex., Lotario D. Ortega, of Albuquerque,
N. Mex., Vernon A. Townes, of Denver City, Tex., Ramiro B. Mar-
tinez, of McAllen, Tex., and W. Jiles Roberts, of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Charles Vance
Mauney, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Stewart French;
Denny Joe Silman, of Fort Worth, Tex., and Robert F. Watson, of
Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter P. North; Kenneth Wat-
kins, of Houma, La., on motion of Mr. Julian P. Freret.
Carter A. Bradford, of Orlando, Fla., and Kenneth F. Oswald, of
Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Mortimer Caplan; William M. Here-
ford, of Sarasota, Fla., on motion of Mr. John Laughlin; Elias Powell,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor H. Kramer; Irving
David Friedman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frank R.
Hammill; John William Emerson, Jr., of Naples, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson; Lawrence D. Hollman, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Carlyle C. Ring, Jr.; Thomas E. Harman, of Fair-
fax, Va., on motion of Mr. Hubert D. Snider; Albert S. Gorman, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., and Jack S. Gorman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Simon Liberman; John J. Clerkin, of Chicago, Ill., and Donald
E. Nelson, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Leonard D. Eesley;
Elmo Schwab, Jr., of Galveston, Tex., James George Rhinehardt
Smith, of Galveston, Tex., Stuart J. Shoob, of Phoenix, Ariz., and
Robert Eugene Pembleton, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. T. W.
Lain; Dennis Rex Hunt, of Rockford, Ill., Charles Frederick Bell,
of San Francisco, Calif., and Gerald Frederick Richman, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. David Joel Passamaneck; Richard Edward
Rapps, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Howard W. Morgan, Jr.;
Peter Q. Nyce, Jr., of Mount Victoria, Md., John M. Bradley, of Salt
Lake City, Utah, William Benton Carne, of Alexandria, Va., and
Michael Edmund Giboney, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr.
Louis A. Masciocchi.
340-278-68-
-
-22

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
86
Milton Richard Allen, of Granite City, Ill., William Edward
Brandt, of Granite City, Ill., Felix Lascelles Callis, of Granite City,
Ill., Horace L. Calvo, of Granite City, Ill., Joseph Francis Cunning-
ham, Jr., of East St. Louis, Ill., George Filcoff, Jr., of Granite City,
Ill., George John Gitchoff, of Granite City, Ill., Moses Wilkins Harri-
son, of Collinsville, Ill., William E. Johnson, of Edwardsville, Ill.,
Dwight C. Taylor, of Collinsville, Ill., and Thomas Mathew Welch, of
Collinsville, Ill., on motion of Mr. Grant Redmon; Meyer Baer, of
New York, N.Y., Morris Engelberg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Felix Eron, of
Millburn, N.J., Harold J. Finkelstein, of New York, N.Y., Daniel Neil
Gordon, of Woodhaven, N.Y., Robert E. Lees, of New York, N.Y., My-
ron Moscovita, of Bergenfield, N.J., Parker Kalloch Murray, of New
York, N.Y., Raymond Polen, of New York, N.Y., Arthur M. Saypol,
of New York, N.Y., Joseph Weiss, of New York, N.Y., Morris R. Sher-
man, of New York, N.Y., and Edward A. Sullivan, of Forest Hills,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield.
Jerome B. Haddox, of Columbus, Ohio, Otis R. Hess, Jr., of Wash-
ington Court House, Ohio, Frederick Stephen Kotte, of Columbus,
Ohio, Elizabeth I. Whitesides, of Glendale, Ohio, Richard Charles
Witte, of Wyoming, Ohio, James D. Zachritz, of Xenia, Ohio, Edwin
Vonder Ahe, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ruth V. Barton, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Nicholas Bauer, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Floyd Black, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
David J. Boyd, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Theodore P. Brackman, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, Donald E. Calhoun, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Stephen Cohen,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, James Joseph Condit, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ches-
ter T. Cruze, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Charles Maxwell Dieffenbach, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, Richard Thaddeus Dugan, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Lorice Ede, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William H. Fellerhoff, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, Frank F. Ferris II, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Edward Fidler, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, Richard H. Finan, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Mae Louise
Finkbeiner, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Philip Renner Finkelmeier, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, John Richard Fletcher, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ferdinand
A. Forney, of Cincinnati, Ohio, David F. Fries, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Gustav E. Gebhart, of Cincinnati, Ohio, James Joseph Geygan, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, Stanley Goodman, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Thomas M.
Gordon, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Marvin Francis Grant, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Dale Wheeler Griffin, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Wilbur Jack Grosse,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert William Gwinner, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Charles E. Hamilton, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William Smith Hammel-
rath, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Margaret R. Helmling, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Guy M. Hild, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert W. Hilton, Jr., of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, Lawrence William Hunt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William Lee
Keener, of Cincinnati, Ohio, James C. Klusmeyer, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Morris J. Leher, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Albert J. Lerner of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Lewis Levy, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Harold Lieberman, of Cincin-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
87
nati, Ohio, Donald H. Lisner, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Bruce F. Lowe, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, James L. Lyons, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Stanley Paul
Mathews, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Cecil R. McLain, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Frederick W. Mebs, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Albert Mechley, Jr., of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, Carl Lore Meier, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William J. Moran,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, Leo D. Morand, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Norbert Alan
Nadel, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Henry Thompson Nicholas, Jr., of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, Christine Panos, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Eugene K. Purdy,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, Constantine Nicholas Revelos, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Charles E. Richter, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Albert A. Rogoff, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, Stanley W. Rozic, of Cincinnati, Ohio, John P. Sca-
hill, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Gary L. Schneider, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Joan
T. Schneider, of Cincinnati, Ohio, James E. Sieve, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
Starbuck Smith, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, Harry Stoller, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Thomas F. H. Stueve, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Nell Day Surber, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, Donald G. Swallow, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Maury M.
Tepper, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ernest J. Timperman, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Frank J. Von Hagen, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Donald E. Waggoner,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, Donald G. Warschauer, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Ray-
mond J. Wilson, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Frank H. Wulfhorst, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, and George G. Zachritz, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice and
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 212. Carlos Overton, petitioner, v. New York. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment of the Appellate Term of Supreme
Court of New York vacated, and case remanded to the Appellate Term
of Supreme Court of New York for further consideration in light of
Bumper v. North Carolina, 391 U.S. 543. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Black dissents and would affirm the judgment of conviction.
No. 249. Harold C. Fuller, petitioner, v. Alaska. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted and judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Black dissents for the reasons set out in his dissenting opinion
in Linkletter v. Walker, 381 U.S. 618, 640. Mr. Justice Douglas, believ-
ing that the rule of Lee v. Florida, 392 U.S. 378, which was applied ret-
roactively in that case, should be applied retroactively in other cases
too, dissents.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
88
No. 375. Velma L. Mengelkoch et al., appellants, v. Industrial Wel-
fare Commission and North American Aviation, Inc. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Central District of California.
The order of the three-judge district court dissolving itself is vacated
so that a timely appeal may be taken to the Court of Appeals. The
appeal from the decision of the single judge is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Opinion per curiam.
No. 414. Thomas Rogers Lichten et al., appellants, v. Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan is of the opinion that
probable jurisdiction should be noted and set the case for argument.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. John P. Roman, appellant, v. H. H. Critz, etc. The appli-
cation for a stay of a court-martial presented to Mr. Justice Douglas,
and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 31, Original. State of Utah, plaintiff, v. United States. The Re-
port of the Special Master is received and ordered filed. Exceptions, if
any, may be filed by the parties within 45 days. Reply briefs, if any,
may be filed within 30 days thereafter. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this matter.
No. 71. Presbyterian Church in the United States et al., petitioners,
v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church et al. The
motion of W. J. Williamson, Secretary of Concerned Presbyterians,
Inc., for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 161. Choctaw Nation and Chickasaw Nation, petitioner, v. The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company et al. The Solicitor
General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the United
States.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 403. Jack Frederick McKart, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 413. North Carolina et al., petitioners, v. Clifton A. Pearce. Mo-
tion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted. Case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 383. Walter P. Mackiewicz and Florence B. Mackiewicz, pe-
titioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
89
No. 384. New York Credit Men's Adjustment Bureau, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 386. Aline Swinford, petitioner, v. Allied Finance Company
of Casa View. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals of Texas, Fifth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 387. Jimmie R. Evans et al., petitioners, v. Ivan Allen, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 388. Malco Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Connector Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 389. Continental Nut Company, petitioner, v. Robert L. Berner
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 392. Donald Swan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 393. Harold Matzner and Dorothe Matzner, petitioners, v. New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 395. Earl D. Pollock, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 396. Air India, petitioner, v. Larry J. Hoffman, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 397. Standard Cigar Company, petitioner, v. Tabacalera Se-
veriano Jorge, S. A., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 398. Howard Franklin Cobb and Maurice F. Stehman, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 401. Dennis M. Valley, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 402. Carl DiGiovanni, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 404. Mair J. Schepps, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 405. Armand A. Mayer, petitioner, v. Arnold Ordman, as
General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board. Petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
90
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 406. McCullough Tool Company, petitioner, v. Well Surveys,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
☐ of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 407. C. Murray Henderson, Warden, petitioner, v. Albert
George Progue et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 408. Sam Lawrence Nugara, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 409. Los Angeles Herald Examiner, etc., et al, petitioners, v.
San Francisco-Oakland Newspaper Guild et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 411. F. H. Sparks Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The George Sollitt
Construction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 412. Roger Lee Glavin and Robert Loring Chesney, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 415. Robert J. Ebbert et al., petitioners, v. Edward J. Brenner,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 249, Misc. Adolphus Ruben Thomas, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 369, Misc. James Leon Clay and Leo Junior Clay, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 405, Misc. Willie James Ford, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 414, Misc. Ruby Ann Howard, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 410, Misc. George S. Steele, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 411, Misc. Gene Streeter, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 427, Misc. Audie A. Dentis, petitioner, v. Oklahoma et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
91
No. 478, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Baltimore County,
Maryland, denied.
No. 479, Misc. William Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. California Adult
Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 486, Misc. William Fontana et ux., petitioners, v. Richard L.
Walker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 513, Misc. Odell Morton, Jr., petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 521, Misc. Felice Paul Failla, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 525, Misc. Gary Claude Lamb, petitioner, v. City of Eastlake,
Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 528, Misc. Lamar Bell, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, First District,
denied.
No. 535, Misc. Jimmie Ray Wood, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 537, Misc. L. Barbara Savely Swanson, petitioner, v. White
House Utility District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 573, Misc. Thomas Jackson, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 578, Misc. Louis Raffa, petitioner, v. City of Cleveland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 621, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. Tri Par Radio and
Appliance Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Apepals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 626, Misc. Charles. Edward Carroll, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 630, Misc. John Joseph Heslip, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 294, Misc. William Carr Robinson, petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland de-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1968
92
nied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 408, Misc. Lawrence W. White, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Stewart are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 593, Misc. Hubert James Putt, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 600, Misc. John Carter McClellan, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice
Fortas concur in the denial of certiorari, pointing out that the issues
under Witherspoon v. Illinois, 391 U.S. 510, can be decided only upon
consideration of a transcript of the voir dire of the jury, which is not
now in the record but which can presumably be made available in state
or federal collateral proceedings.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 425, Misc. Murray A. A. Murphy, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for a writ of mandamus and for other relief denied.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 12, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 12, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 12, 51, 21, and 63.
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1968
93
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 1065, Misc. Joseph A. F. Valenti, petitioner, v. Edward Lum-
bard, Chief Judge, etc., et al. The request for an acceleration of the
time within which respondents may submit their response to the
motion for leave to file a petition for mandamus is denied without
prejudice to consideration of the petition on its merits.
☑
340-278-68-
--23

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1968
94
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
-
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. . Albert Shanker, Individually and as President of United
Federation of Teachers, Local 2, et al., and Walter J. Degnan, Indi-
vidually and as President of Council of Supervisory Associations
et al., appellants, v. J. Lee Rankin, Corporation Counsel of the City
of New York etc. The application for a stay presented to Mr. Justice
Harlan, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
✗
340-278-68-24

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Glen B. Smith, of Chelmsford, Mass., Henry K. Osterman, of Chevy
Chase, Md., James W. Hardison, of Williamston, N.C., and Elliott
Hugh Kajan, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Erwin N. Griswold; Thomas G. Lovett, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn., on
motion of Mr. Donald M. Fraser; James F. Boccardo, of San Jose,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Don Edwards; Louis Basson, of New York,
N.Y., Kenneth Campbell, of St. Albans, N.Y., Walter Bernard Eigen,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Murray Leonard Goldberg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., and
Maurice N. Greene, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Laurence H.
Axman; Marian F. Penix, of Jonesboro, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Marcus A. Hollabaugh.
David N. Ellenhorn, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel
Albert Rezneck; John A. Berry, of Streator, Ill., and George D. Crow-
ley, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; James
Allen Kiger, of Washington Court House, Ohio, and Dan L. John-
ston, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser; Rich-
ard L. Blanck, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. John M.
Bradley; Richard F. Bellman, of New York, N.Y., Norman Purnell,
of Akron, Ohio, and Lewis M. Steel, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert L. Carter; Carl Michael Hall, of Fairfax, Va., on motion
of Mr. Richard Cullen Browne; Henry T. Crocker, of Pottstown, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. James Brent Clark, Jr.; Charles M. Richardson,
Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Montague Stead-
man; Guy C. Hunt, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Roger Ar-
thur Clark; Douglas Purnell Connor, of Mount Olive, N.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander; Robert W. Wyckoff, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arthur Lee Quinn; Alvin R. Cowan,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leon Shimberg; James Edward
Frasier, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Walter Scott Allen; Eugene
E. Huppenbauer, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Donald
Cefaratti, Jr.; David S. Barr, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Louis Sherman; and Gerald Kogan, of Miami, Fla., and H. Robert
Koltnow, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Karl L. Ecker, were ad-
☐mitted to practice.
340-278-68-25

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
OPINIONS
96
No. 7. Susan Epperson et al., appellants, v. Arkansas. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Arkansas for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Fortas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart concurring
in the result.
No. 13. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Aberdeen and Rockfish Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 15. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Aberdeen
and Rockfish Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Judg-
ment modified and as modified is affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 10. WHYY, Inc., appellant, v. Borough of Glassboro et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of New Jersey for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black
dissents from the reversal and would affirm the judgment.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 399. Edgar H. Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Howard Yeager, War-
den. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted,
judgment reversed, and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice White dissents and would grant
certiorari and set case for oral argument.
No. 417. Atlantic Ocean Products, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Walter
D. Leth, Director, Department of Agriculture of Oregon, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Oregon. The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 439. John Doolin, dba National Novelty Company, et al., appel-
lants v. Marshall Korshak, Director of Revenue, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Illinois. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
97
No. 533, Misc. William T. Cross et al., appellants, v. Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, et al. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 132, October Term, 1965. Margaret L. Holt et al., petitioners,
v. Allan P. Kirby et al. The motion of Morris Smith et al. to recall and
amend judgment in this case is denied. Mr. Justice Fortas and Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 65. Timothy F. Leary, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
of American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted.
No. 461. Frieda Suffin, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief express-
ing the views of the United States.
No. 642. Edward Boykin, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. The motion
of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is
ordered that E. Graham Gibbons, Esquire, of Mobile, Alabama, a
member of the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 644. Billy Don Franklin Boulden, petitioner, v. William C.
Holman, Warden. The motion of the petitioner for the appointment
of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that William B. Moore, Jr.,
Esquire, of Montgomery, Alabama, a member of the Bar of this Court,
be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 646. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. J. J. Parker, Warden.
The application for bail or release on personal recognizance presented
to Mr. Justice Brennan, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 670. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. California. The motion of the
petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered
that Thomas J. Klitgaard, Esquire, of San Francisco, California, be,
and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in
this case.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 418. Curtis M. Simpson, Warden, petitioner, v. William S. Rice.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted. Case placed on the summary calendar
and set for oral argument immediately following No. 413.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
98
No. 436. Paulette Boudreaux Rodrigue et al., petitioners, v. Aetna
Casualty and Surety Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 463. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wyman-
Gordon Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 453. John McMillan Gregg, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted limited to the questions raised in the case
with respect to Rule 32 (c) (1) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-
cedure and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 221. Hubert Ray Stidham, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Fourth
District, denied.
No. 394. Cullen Huckaby, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 410. Joseph M. David, petitioner, v. June Strelecki, Director of
Division of Motor Vehicles, State of New Jersey. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 416. John A. Epling, petitioner, v. Ohio State Bar Association.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 419. Charles E. Hart, Jr., petitioner, v. Ohio State Bar Asso-
ciation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 420. Dennis Henry Loraine, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Henry Kenneth Wangrow and Mark Edward Murphy, pe-
titioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 422. Mary Townsend Cochran, petitioner, v. George L. Morris
and Girard Trust Bank, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 424. Dresser Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. Heraeus Engelhard
Vacuum, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 425. Monroe Auto Equipment Co., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
99
No. 427. John Daniel Owens, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 428. Tormod Langemyr, dba Tom Carpentry Construction
Company, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Campbell, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 429. Alfred Louis Cappabianca, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 433. Seymour Buxbom, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Supreme Court
of California, County of Riverside, denied.
SUPERIOR
No. 434. Department of Forests and Parks et al., petitioners, v.
George's Creek Coal and Land Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 435. General Electric Credit Corporation, petitioner, v. Ernest
V. Noblett. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 437. Louis Barenfanger, dba Barenfanger Construction Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Charles Louis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 440. Georgia Highway Express, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 442. Marvin K. Swofford et al., dba The Pathfinder Company,
petitioner, v. B & W, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 444. Baggett Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Hughes
Transportation, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 445. Edward Lee Roberts et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 447. Frederick P. Mustell, petitioner, v. Frank A. Rose et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 448. George Laris, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 449. Robert M. Brake, petitioner, v. Don Shoemaker et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Third District, denied.
340-278-68-26

1
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
100
No. 450. Hamilton Memorial Gardens, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 452. Richard Jewell Newland, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 454. Charles William Eaton and Sammy Lee Eaton, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 456. Cumberland Farms, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 458. Leah Joyce Teller, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 459. Coastwise Packet Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 460. Leah Turpin, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 464. Courtesy Chevrolet, Inc., petitioner, v. Tennessee Walking
Horse Breeders' and Exhibitors' Association of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 465. A. M. Faucette, Jr., etc., petitioner, v. Ruth K. Van Dolson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Edward Robert Gyuro, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.
No. 467. David Juaire, petitioner, v. Walter Marshak, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 468. The Gypsum Transportation, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Louisiana, Fourth
Circuit, denied.
No. 469. Vicki Laurel Parker, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 470. Janel Sales Corp. et al., petitioners, v. Lanvin Parfums,
Inc. etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
101
No. 576. Cullen Huckaby, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 578. Wyman-Gordon Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 144. Port of New York Authority et al., petitioners, v. Ronald
G. Wolin, etc. Motion to dispense with printing response granted. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 205. Murchison and Company et al., petitioners, v. Glo Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 423. Anthony Baratta, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 430. Vernon C. Lyons, petitioner. v. Chicago Park District. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 455. Anthony Caperci et al., petitioners, v. Earl P. Huntoon,
Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opin-
ion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 462. Morris Smith et al., petitioners, v. Allan P. Kirby, Jr., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas and Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 509. Morton Sobell, petitioner, v. Attorney General of the
United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Brennan are of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted. The renewed application for release
presented to Mr. Justice Brennan, and by him referred to the Court,
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas would grant bail for the reason that pe-
titioner arguably has never received credit for the entire time he has
served in prison. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition and application.
No. 120, Misc. Joseph V. Poe, petitioner, v. Cletus J. Fitzharris,
Superintendent, California State Prison. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 129, Misc. William K. Howard, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
102
No. 138, Misc. Glover Sapp, Jr., petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 235, Misc. Charles E. Evans, petitioner, v. H. C. Cupp, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 288, Misc. John George, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 303, Misc. Robert Graham, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 359, Misc. Albert Harris, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 377, Misc. Joe Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 391, Misc. Juan Manuel Roman-Morales, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 497, Misc. Vincente Juarez-Flores, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 399, Misc. Andrew Lee White, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 437, Misc. Charles Edward Lewis, petitioner, v. Max P. Frye,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 438, Misc. Leroy Jackson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 440, Misc. Henry L. Ford, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 444, Misc. Daniel Dresden DeFoe, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 462, Misc. Charles Morgan, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 467, Misc. John Theodore Walker, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 482, Misc. John Watts, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
103
No. 498, Misc. Louis Teplitsky, petitioner, v. Bureau of Compensa-
tion, United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 520, Misc. Jess Joe Valenzuela, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 546, Misc. Richard H. Jemison, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 547, Misc. Ralph Carder, Jr., petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 567, Misc. William Hughes, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 595, Misc. Jack India, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La Vallee, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 598, Misc. Aziz Alobaidi, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 611, Misc. Joseph Cottlo, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 613, Misc. Walter Berry Thomas, Sr., petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Florida, Sec-
ond District, denied.
No. 614, Misc. Willis G. Coonts, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, First
District, denied.
No. 617, Misc. James K. Shannon, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 622, Misc. Walter Nash, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 624, Misc. Jesse J. X. Stuckey, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark,
Attorney General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 635, Misc. Albert Lonzo Cantrell, petitioner, v. Kansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 636, Misc. J. C. Combs, petitioner, v. H. V. Field, Superin-
tendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
104
No. 637, Misc. Wayne G. Marvel, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 649, Misc. Isaiah Coleman, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 653, Misc. Raymond V. Masterson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 661, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. John Stamos, States
Attorney for Cook County, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 664, Misc. Boswell M. Hale, petitioner, v. Nicholas Gotten.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 666, Misc. Severo Arellano Esparza, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 671, Misc. Frank J. Martinez, petitioner, v. Idaho. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 677, Misc. Earl J. Brinson, petitioner, v. Howard M. Comstock,
Superintendent, Sierra Conservation Center. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 681, Misc. Alfredo Perez, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 687, Misc. Kenneth O. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 693, Misc. Ralph C. Turner, petitioner, v. United States Gov-
ernment et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 696, Misc. Ben Odes, petitioner, v. The Civil Service Commis-
sion of the City of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 698, Misc. James A. Johnson, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Los Angeles, denied.
No. 700, Misc. William Sasso, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 701, Misc. Benny Morganti, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 716, Misc. Richard D. Ward, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
105
No. 723, Misc. Terrance I. Poston, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 746, Misc. John Howard Prince, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 758, Misc. Ruben Gines Quinones, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, New
York County, denied.
No. 694, Misc. Johnny Foster, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and for other relief denied.
No. 695, Misc. James Henry Allison, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections of Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, First District,
and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 678, Misc. John D. Malena, petitioner, v. California et al.;
No. 679, Misc. In the Matter of Application of Theodore R. Hen-
derson, petitioner; and
No. 795, Misc. Jerry Spencer Diamond, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 568, Misc. Charles J. Juliano, petitioner, v. Ohio et al.;
No. 591, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Public Service Commission ;
No. 718, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. James F. Taylor, Clerk, et
al.; and
No. 786, Misc. Ex parte Jack Kamsler, petitioner. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 37, Misc. Scotty Shirley Hanks, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 46, Misc. Ronald Handy, petitioner, v. Director, Patuxent In-
stitution;
No. 54, Misc. James Edward Padgett, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections of Florida;
No. 137, Misc. Robert Bennett Burns, petitioner, v. John W.
Turner, Warden;
No. 293, Misc. Frederick W. Copeland, petitioner, v. Florida;

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1968
106
No. 322, Misc. George Raymond Joerger, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections;
No. 382, Misc. Wilbur O. Morton, petitioner, v. Kansas; and
No. 419, Misc. Glen R. Holscher, petitioner, v. Jack G. Young,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 12. Samuel Desist et al., petitioners, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Abraham Glasser for the petitioners and by Mr. Francis X.
Beytagh, Jr. for the respondent.
No. 51. United States, appellant, v. Joseph Francis Nardello and
Isadore Weisberg. Leave granted Mr. Philip A. Lacovara to appear
and present oral argument for the appellant, pro hac vice on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Griswold. Argued by Mr. Philip A. Lacovara
for the appellant, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr.
F. Emmett Fitzpatrick, Jr., for the appellees. Memorandum for ap-
pellant to come.
No. 21. John F. Tinker and Mary Beth Tinker, minors, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Des Moines Independent Community School District et
al. Argued by Mr. Dan Johnston for the petitioners and by Mr. Allan
A. Herrick for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for November 13th Nos. 63, 24, and 32.
Х

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1968
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Sam Blackham, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner
Claiborne; Irving Vincent, of Florence, Ariz., on motion of Mr. J. F.
Bishop; Neil J. Lynch, of Butte, Mont., on motion of Mr. B. K.
Wheeler; Louis Howard Dembo, of Chicago, Ill., and William A.
Claerhout, of Norwalk, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris;
Floyd Dore Hunter, of East Brunswick, N.J., on motion of Mr. Charles
E. Martin; Robert Melvin Peterson, of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. Francis B. Van Nuys; Peter G. Fetros, of Sacramento, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Edsel W. Haws; Robert Lawrence Berry, of Omaha,
Nebr., on motion of Mr. Alan D. McArthur; Donald Wiener Fisher,
of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward J. Hickey, Jr.; Vincent
W. Ambrose, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. Ross:
Emil Carl Marquardt, Jr., of Clearwater, Fla., on motion of Mr.
John P. Southmayd; and Robert B. Beaudoin, of Seattle, Wash.,
Clifton D. Blanks, of McAlester, Okla., and Clyde H. Crockett, of
Freeport, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter Laughn Lewis, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 63. Nellie Hunter, appellant, v. Edward O. Erickson, Mayor
of the City of Akron, et al. One hour and forty minutes allowed for
oral argument. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellant,
by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the United States, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court, and by Mr. Alvin C. Vinopal for the appellees.
No. 24. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Texaco, Inc., et al.
Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Milton Handler and Mr. Edgar E. Barton for the respondents.
No. 32. Gale H. Johnson, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett, Warden.
Argument commenced by Mr. Ronald Carlson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 14, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 32, 38, 39, 40 and 42.
☑
340-278-68-27

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1968
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
J. Ernest Hartz, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Louis F. Oberdorfer; Barbara Matusik Miller, of Lyons, Ill., on mo-
tion of Mrs. Carolyn Royall Just; Dale William Bruce, of Wichita,
Kans., and H. Winston Hathaway, of Muskegon, Mich., on motion of
Mr. Peter L. Strauss; James A. Sprunk, of Toledo, Ohio, and Louis
A. Highmark, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Fred E. Fuller;
Leah Brock McCartney, of Springfield, Ill., and Clarence Maurice
Mitchell, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Elmer Williams
Henderson; John F. Schrankel, of Washington, D.C., and Holloway
Wooten, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Harold C. Nystrom;
Joseph Frederick Vallario, Jr., of Clinton, Md., on motion of Mr.
Sebert H. Keiffer; George V. Voinovich, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. John B. Simpson, Jr.; R. Eugene McGannon, of Kan-
sas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. James Francis Gordy; Philip J.
Curtis, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. W. Theodore Pierson; H.
Vincent E. Mitchell, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. David P.
Close; Charles Frisbie, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. George
Browning III; Joseph Sarfaty, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Dorsey K. Offutt; Peter Tijerina, of San Antonio, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Jack Greenberg; Donald Devon Doxsee, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., and Douglas Bruce McFadden, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Sidney Milum; G. Wayne McKellips, Jr., of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. William J. Fannin; Pierce Winningham III,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Karl Patterson Warden; and
John T. Buckley, of Utica, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John K. Meagher,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 32. Gale H. Johnson, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett, Warden.
Argument continued by Mr. Ronald L. Carlson for the petitioner, by
Mr. William A. Claerhout for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Ronald L. Carlson for the petitioner.
340-278-68-28

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1968
109
No. 38. James G. Glover et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company et al. Argued by Mr. William M. Acker, Jr.,
for the petitioners and by Mr. Donald W. Fisher for the respondents.
No. 39. Enrique Perez, petitioner, v. California. Argued by Mr.
Peter G. Fetros for the petitioner and by Mr. Edsel W. Haws for the
respondent.
No. 40. William Joe Johnson, petitioner, v. Harry S. Avery, Com-
missioner of Correction, et al. Argued by Mr. Karl P. Warden for
the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas E. Fox for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, November 18, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 18, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 42, 27, 9, Orig., 41 and 47.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice.
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James M. Rhodes, of Daytown, Tex., on motion of Mr. Attorney
General William Ramsey Clark; Knox Bemis, of Texarkana, Ark.,
George O. Wilson III, of Glen Rock, N.J., Harold Davis Lewis, of
Tallahassee, Fla., John Lovett Westberry, of Tallahassee, Fla., Melvin
Ray Lind, of Danville, Ind., Gerald L. Bepko, of Chicago, Ill., William
C. Ballard, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., Frank Neil Fleischer, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Stephen E. Delanty, of Chicago, Ill., Edward S. Robe,
of Athens, Ohio, David Reuben Goldberg, of Toledo, Ohio, and
Frederic S. Le Clercq, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Erwin N. Griswold; Paul D. Mahoney, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Robert L. Leggett; Wellington Y. Chew, of El Paso,
Tex., and Jack N. Ferguson, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Richard
C. White; Craig Covington Cantey, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Robert R. Casey; Michael Aaronson, of San Carlos, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Paul N. McCloskey, Jr.; Kenneth L. Maddy, of Fresno,
Calif., and Charles P. Just, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mrs.
Doris H. Maier; Ford Wallace Ekey, of Dayton, Ohio, James Wesley
Harbison, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Jon M. Sebaly, of Dayton, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Whitney North Seymour; Stanley A. Bass, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser.
Duncan Witherbee O'Dwyer, of Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph E. Donahue; Roy Denver Sexton, of Oneida, Tenn., John
Arthur McLaughlin, of Colorado Springs, Colo., and Lewis Zoll
Griswold, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Walter Laughn Lewis;
Stanley P. Hebert, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Meritt H.
Steger; Bernard Gibbs Barrow, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr.
Anthony William Gross; Neil Tasher, of Denver, Colo., and Frank J.
Malloy, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Charles F. Cook, Jr.;
Bruce A. Bevan, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John
Nolan; Lewis Harrison Markowitz, of York, Pa., Richard E. Kohler,
of York, Pa., Hugh D. Manifold, of York, Pa., Basil A. Shorb, of
York, Pa., and Robert J. Wire, Jr., of York, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Arthur Markowitz; Jeremy Edward Butler, of Phoenix, Ariz., and
A. Gordon Olsen, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John P. Frank;
340-278-68-29

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
111
J. Dan Struve, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Kenneth H.
Burns; Edward Kaplan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald
Doerster; H. Richard Dunipace, of Bowling Green, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; Robert Darrell Krumme, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Howard T. Milman; James Richard Albrecht,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Thomas C. Brickle; David
Mardan Weitzman, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Philip J.
Hirschkop; Edward P. Taptich, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr.
Arthur Scheiner; Richard Frederick Kotz, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Paul Ganson; Anthony J. Colavita, of Eastchester,
N.Y., and Harry J. Hill, of Eastchester, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph Vohnout; and Taylor Rastrick Briggs, of Tuxedo Park, N.Y.,
and Howard Richard Wachtel, of Ossining, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Horace R. Lamb, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 35. Carl F. Grunenthal, petitioner, v. The Long Island Rail-
road Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals with directions to enter a judgment
affirming the judgment of the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart.
No. 16. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al.,
appeallants, v. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company,
et al.; and
No. 18. Robert N. Hardin, Prosecuting Attorney for the Seventh
Judicial Circuit of Arkansas, et al., appellants, v. Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Company, et al. Appeals from the United
States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas. Judgment
reversed and cases remanded to the United States District Court for
the Western District of Arkansas with instructions to dismiss the
complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration
or decision of these cases.
No. 14. Commonwealth Coatings Corporation, petitioner, v. Con-
tinental Casualty Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Puerto Rico for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Marshall joins. Dissenting

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
112
opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr.
Justice Stewart join.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The other orders have been certified by Mr. Justice Black and
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 323. Pete Recznik, petitioner, v. City of Lorain. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Lorain County.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Lorain County, for fur-
ther proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice
White would deny petition for certiorari.
No.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Henry R. Drent et al., petitioners, v. William A. McKean
et al. The application for a stay presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and
by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 30. James C. Kirkpatrick, Secretary of State of Missouri, et al.,
appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.; and
No. 31. F. V. Heinkel et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.
The motions of the appellants for additional time for oral argument
are granted and an additional thirty minutes, to be divided equally,
is allotted to counsel for the appellants. An additional thirty minutes
is allotted to counsel for the appellees.
No. 156, Misc. Herbert A. Ellenbogen, petitioner, v. United States.
The respondent is requested to file a response to the petition for re-
hearing within thirty days. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this matter.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 492. Clarence Brandenburg, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and the case is placed on the summary calendar. The Attorney General
of Ohio is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the State of
Ohio.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
113
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 473. John H. Bingler, District Director of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard E. Johnson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 477. United States, petitioner, v. United States Coin and Cur-
rency, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 480. Harold Lawrence Blasius, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted limited to Question 1 presented by the
petition which reads as follows:
"1. Does an individual violate Section 33 of Title 35, United States
Code, by representing that he is qualified to prepare applications for
patent, when the individual is not registered with the Patent Office?
"(a) Did the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit err in its
opinion that the provisions of Section 33 of Title 35, United States
Code, are clear, and not ambiguous as determined by the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in Hull v.
United States, 390 F. 2d 462 (D.C. Cir. 1968), thus creating a conflict
within the Circuits?
"(b) Does the word 'qualified' as used in Section 33 of Title 35,
United States Code means skill of ‘knowhow' in performing the serv-
ice or does it mean legal and actual authority from the Patent Office to
perform a particular function?"
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
No. 195, Misc. Thornton A. Jenkins, petitioner, v. Delaware. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 227, Misc. Adolpho Rodriquez, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 231, Misc. Glenn Martin Harrington, petitioner, v. California.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District, granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
114
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 237. Nicholas Angeleri, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 250. John E. Coyne, petitioner, v. Donald Watson, Sheriff,
Clermont County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 278. Walston A. Lynn et al., petitioners, v. J. W. Caraway et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 471. Perfo-Log, Inc., petitioner, v. Well Surveys, Inc., now
Dresser Systems, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 475. Dan Paul, petitioner, v. Dade County Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 476. James Shrout, dba The Shrout Agency, petitioner, v. Me-
Donald's System, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 481. First Camden National Bank & Trust Co., petitioner, v.
Donald T. Lapinsohn et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
perior Court of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia District, denied.
No. 482. John J. Moretti, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 484. Dorothea M. Scroggins, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 485. The London and Overseas Insurance Co. et al, petitioners,
v. Bunge Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 486. Ralph Hubert Houston, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 489. Arnold Van Den Wymelenberg, etc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 495. Eugene Rex Fitzwater, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 497. The Borden Company et al., petitioners, v. National Dairy
Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 472. Bernard S. Garrett and Joseph B. Morris, petitioners, v.
United States. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Pe-
340-278-68-30

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
115
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 493. Jack Rudolph Woods, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Motion to
dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 491. Utility Users League et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power
Commission et al. Motion to dispense with printing portions of ap-
pendix to the petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 498. Newark Stereotypers' Union No. 18, petitioner, v. Newark
Morning Ledger Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 314, Misc. Raymond Carley Pruett, petitioner, v. Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 443, Misc. Floyd Ray Phillips, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 475, Misc. Robert Benson, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 566, Misc. Paul Francis Baker, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 581, Misc. Ernest Woodrow Marsh, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 585, Misc. Juan B. Saldana, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 586, Misc. Joseph J. Tynan, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 592, Misc. Richard Harvey Haines and Guy Leslie Green, pe-
titioners, v. Robert T. Kingsley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 602, Misc. Thurman A. Smith, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 609, Misc. Claude W. Nichols, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 628, Misc. Jackie Carver Hill, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
116
No. 632, Misc. Clemon Blanchey, Jr., petitioner, v. Washington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 638, Misc. Vernon Maxey, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 639, Misc. Alfred G. Fierro, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneckloth
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 646, Misc. Louis D. Ponce, aka Dave Dominguez, petitioner, v.
Walter E. Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 689, Misc. Miguel Romero Valdivia, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 692, Misc. Charles H. Creighbaum, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 702, Misc. Aaron Washington Frazier, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 620, Misc. Harry Levine et al., petitioners, v. Lever Brothers
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 682, Misc. Johnny Mixon, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied. Mr. Justice Mar-
shall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 505, Misc. Bobby R. Brown, petitioner. v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections; and
No. 823, Misc. Claude A. Buchanan, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 800, October Term, 1967. World Airways, Inc., et al, peti-
tioners, v. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al.; and
No. 969, October Term, 1967. American Society of Travel Agents,
Inc., petitioner, v. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al. Motion
for leave to supplement petition for rehearing granted. Petition for

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
117
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 946, October Term, 1967. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner,
v. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this petition.
No. 196. Donald DeSimone, petitioner. v. United States;
No. 274. Joseph I. Moreali, petitioner, v. Workmen's Compensation
Appeals Board of California et al.;
No. 341. Estate of Eugene L. Freeland, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 353. Elijah White Ratcliff, petitioner, v. E. Ivan Bruce and
Truman Blocker, Jr.;
No. 50, Misc. George Wm. Daegele, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden;
No. 150, Misc. E'Thelbert Rucker, petitioner, v. City of Flint et al.;
No. 171, Misc. William Lusk, petitioner, v. Frank L. Strickland
et al.;
No. 367, Misc. Ex parte Jack Kamsler, petitioner;
No. 396, Misc. Leon J. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 473, Misc. Melvin G. Lemanski, appellant, v. Lucille Lemanski.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 132. Yuen Kam Chuen and Ng Sui Sang, petitioners, v. P. A.
Esperdy, as District Director of the Immigration and Naturalization
Service for the District of New York. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 25, 1968, until
Monday, December 9, 1968.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 42. Fred L. Shuttlesworth, petitioner, v. City of Birmingham,
Alabama. Argued by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioner and by
Mr. Earl McBee for the respondent.
No. 27. United States, appellant, v. Container Corporation of
America et al. Argued by Mr. Edwin M. Zimmerman for the appellant
and by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the appellees.
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Argued by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the plaintiff
and by Mr. Houghton Brownlee, Jr., for the defendants.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1968
118
No. 41. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Securities, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Griswold for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 19, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 41, 47, 53, 68, and 73.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1968
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Joseph S. Oteri, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Stanton P.
Sender; John Anthony Notte III, of North Providence, R.I., on mo-
tion of Mr. John A. Notte, Jr.; Matthew James Beemsterbore, of
Flossmoor, Ill., and Stanislaus Thaddeus Kusper, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. William Robert Ming, Jr.; Marshall R. Bentzman,
of Washington, D.C., and Allen Katz, of Hyattsville, Md., on motion
of Mr. John B. Hausner; Jack K. Weber, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William E. James; Richard Lucas Williams III, of
Winnetka, Ill., on motion of Mr. Stephen Deaderick Potts; Michael C.
Sudol, Jr., of Metuchen, N.J., on motion of Mr. Raymond Underwood;
Harold Mendelow, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Phillip Goldman;
Peter R. Cohen, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jeffrey L.
Nagin; Arnold Henson, of Chappaqua, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Cyril
F. Hetsko; Thomas Henry Dorwart, of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of
Mr. Alan D. McArthur; Jerry Mack Hyde, of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Thomas P. Brown III; Ford Richard Paulson, of Provo, Utah,
on motion of Mr. Sterling Rex Lewis; and Jeremiah D. Finnegan, of
Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr. J. David Mann, Jr., were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 6. Joseph Carroll et al., petitioners, v. The President and Com-
missioners of Princess Anne et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas.
Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Douglas, while
joining the opinion of the Court, adheres to his dissent in Kingsley
Books, Inc. v. Brown, 354 U.S. 436, 446-447, and to his concurring
opinion in Freedman v. Maryland, 380 U.S. 51, 61-62.
340-278-68-31

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1968
ORAL ARGUMENT
120
No. 41. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Securities, Inc., et al. Argument concluded by Mr. John P.
Frank for the respondents.
No. 47. Walter B. Foster, petitioner, v. California. Argued by Mr.
Kenneth L. Maddy for the petitioner and by Mrs. Doris H. Maier for
the respondent.
No 53. Harold Kaufman, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by
Mr. Bruce R. Jacob for the petitioner and by Mr. John S. Martin,
Jr., for the respondent.
No. 68. Sam L. McDonald et al., appellants, v. Board of Election
Commissioners of Chicago et al. Argued by Mr. Stanley A. Bass for
the appellants and by Mr. Stanley T. Kusper, Jr., for the appellees.
Brief for appellants to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 20, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 73, 74, 131, and 56.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1968
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Herbert Wayne Gillies, of Houston, Tex., and Wm. C. Morrow, of
Midland, Tex., on motion of Mr. Thomas C. Mann; Marion Steele
Hays, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; James
Thomas Hale, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Ralph J.
Moore, Jr.; Robert Girard Pariseault, of Providence, R.I., and
Charles Joseph Rogers, Jr., of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr.
Benjamin Feld; William E. Zleit, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Joseph E. Donahue; Richard F. Dole, Jr., of Iowa City, Iowa, on
motion of Mr. Peter Leffert Wolff; Keith J. Kearney, of Tustin, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Alvin S. Brown; and Walter Reinold Wertheim, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Milton Shore, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 73. Robert Newton Gardner, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Argued by Mr. Charles E. Rickershauser, Jr., for the petitioner and
by Mr. Jack K. Weber for the respondent. Memorandum for petitioner
to come.
No. 74. Philip Jerome Stiles, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Charles J. Rogers, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor
General Griswold for the respondent.
No. 131. Carmine Vincent Palmieri, petitioner, v. Florida. Argued
by Mr. Philip Goldman for the petitioner and by Mr. Harold Men-
delow for the respondent.
No. 56. Lear, Incorporated, petitioner, v. John S. Adkins. Two
hours and forty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. C. Russell Hale for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Lawrence G. Wallace for the United States, as amicus curiae, by
special order of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 21, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 56 and 45.
☑
340-278-68-32

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1968
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Richard J. Steffens, of Menasha, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Brice Wil-
son Rhyne; Stuart Gary Rosen, of Wapping, Conn., Lockwood K.
Grigg, of Derby, Kans., and Samuel Kadell, of Skokie, Ill., on motion
of Mrs. Leah Brock McCartney; James William Badie, of Hastings
on Hudson, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Eric P. Schellin; Robert G.
Breetz, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Herbert G. Breetz; War-
ren Curtis Kiracofe, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Charles R.
Larouche; Louis G. Juliano, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
James F. Hart; W. P. Butler, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Rob-
ert A. Maloney; John T. O'Halloran, of West Trenton, N.J., on mo-
tion of Mr. Roland A. Linger; and Matthew Joseph Wheeler, Jr., of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Martin Emilius Carlson, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 56. Lear, Incorporated, petitioner, v. John S. Adkins. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Peter R. Cohen for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. C. Russell Hale for the petitioner.
No. 45. United States, petitioner, v. Richard G. Augenblick et al.
Argued by Mr. Edwin L. Weisl, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr.
Joseph H. Sharlitt and Mr. Francis J. Steiner, Jr., for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, November 25, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
Х
340-278-68-33

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Merrill Lee Hartman, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Attorney
General William Ramsey Clark; Waldense D. Malouf, of Palm Har-
bor, Fla., Richard Alan Radis, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Ira A. Nagel,
of Boston, Mass., Richard J. Snyder, of Boston, Mass., William
Bernard Sherman, of Forest Hills, N.Y., Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain,
of Portland, Oreg., and James Barbar, of Buckhannon, W. Va., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Harold M. Gross,
of Eugene, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; John Pope
Ellis, of Arlington, Va., and Zel E. Lipsen, of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Robert Markham Ball, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Ball; Richard A. Block, of St.
Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Leon E. Irish; Patrick Nicholas Harkins
III, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell;
Edward N. Barol, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Jerry M.
Hamovit; Norman Ramm, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Frank E. G. Weil; Richard Eugene Turner, of Annandale, Va., on
motion of Mr. William Thomas Dooley, Jr.
John Blevney Willard, of West Hartford, Conn., on motion of
Mr. Gene W. Stockman; Gerald Jorgensen Lewis, of San Diego,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Worth Berry; Robert Dixon, of Mi-
ami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Littman; John A. Westberg,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard J. Wertheimer; Law-
rence Dean Cobb, of Dumas, Tex., on motion of Mr. John F. O'Neal;
Jefferson Bernis Brown, of Portsmouth, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas
R. Dyson, Jr.; John Elbert Watson, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Joseph Tamasy; Sidney P. Schreiber, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. David I. Granger; Edward Michael Ross, of Ingle-
wood, Calif., and Malcolm Douglas MacArthur, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Ralph I. Petersbergers; Dennis J. Donahue, Jr., of
West Haven, Conn., John J. Philbin, of West Haven, Conn., and Louis
Smith Votto, of West Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. Hubert B. Pair,
Arthur William Murphy, of Boston, Mass., Jeffrey McKenzie Graham,
of Williamsburg, Va., William Robert Hitt, of St. Louis, Mo., Francis
Marion Thigpen, Jr., of Mobile, Ala., and Jack M. Railsback, of
Meridian, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lew Brundage; and Alexander F.
340-278-68-34

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
124
Dillard, of Tappahannock, Va., Alexander Fleet Dillard, Jr., of Tap-
pahannock, Va., Ammon Gresham Dunton, Jr., of White Stone, Va.,
Mandley Ray Johnston, of Lively, Va., James Taylor Robertson, of
Montross, Va., Lawrence M. Taylor, of Heathsville, Va., Thomas
Aquilla Williams, of Callao, Va., and Harlan Harvey Hinkle, of
Brownsburg, Ind., on motion of Mr. John T. Casey, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 29. United States, appellant, v. The Concentrated Phosphate
Export Association, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 19. Universal Interpretive Shuttle Corporation, petitioner v.
Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom
Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 134. George F. Collins, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals for further consideration in light of the opinion of the Supreme
Court of Oklahoma in Collins v. Oklahoma Tax Commission, dated
October 15, 1968. Opinion per curiam.
No. 478. Jeremiah Stamler and Yolanda F. Hall, appellants, v.
Edwin E. Willis et al.; and
No. 479. Milton M. Cohen, appellant, v. Edwin E. Willis et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeals are
dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
125
and Mr. Justice Harlan are of the opinion that further consideration
of the question of jurisdiction should be postponed to the hearing of
the cases on the merits and that the cases be set for oral argument. Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 499. City of Austin, appellant, v. Charles A. Webster. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Texas. The appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 501. John Hewett Arthur, appellant, v. Virginia. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable juris-
diction should be noted.
No. 504. Farbenfabriken Bayer A.G., appellant, v. United States.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 520. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 88, Misc. Forrest Cummings Green, petitioner, v. John W.
Turner, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for
further consideration in light of Garrison v. Patterson, Warden, 391
U.S. 464. Opinion per curiam.
No.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Michael Zaffarano, petitioner, v. William Walter Fitz-
patrick, Warden. The application for bail presented to Mr. Justice
Harlan, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 49. Zenith Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Re-
search, Inc., et al. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief
expressing the views of the United States.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 76. Philip Cardinale, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted and case
placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
126
No. 517. The National Board of Young Men's Christian Associa-
tions et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
of the United States Court of Claims granted and case place on the
summary calendar.
No. 252, Misc. Ted Steven Chimel, petitioner, v. California. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of California granted. Case transferred to
the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 165. Calvary Bible Presbyterian Church of Seattle et al., peti-
tioners, v. Board of Regents of the University of Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 443. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Bessemer and Lake Erie Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 638. Co-Operative Legislative Committee, Railroad Brother-
hoods in the State of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Bessemer and Lake
Erie Railroad Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 494. William Elden, petitioner, v. Addison Farmers Mutual
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court of Illinois, Second District, denied.
No. 503. Helen Jenkins Kington, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari in the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 505. Farbenfabriken Bayer A.G., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 506. New York Shipping Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
District 2, Marine Engineers Beneficial Association (AFL-CIO),
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 508. Ewell C. Qualls, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 513. Cornelia O'Connor Grey et al., petitioners, v. First Na-
tion Bank in Dallas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 514. Clark E. Finks and Francis A. Willette, Jr., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 516. Harry S. Berberian, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
127
No. 518. Moreland H. Hogan et al., petitioners, v. Ivor B. Clark
Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 519. Marvin Hayutin, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 567. Leon Nash, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 521. Dorris E. Dreyfus, petitioner, v. Michael Reese Hospital
and Medical Center. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 522. F. L. Crowder tr/as Harriman Broadcasting Company,
petitioner, v. Federal Communications Commission et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 523. Illinois, petitioner, v. Eugene Miller. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 524. Board of Trustees of Arkansas A. & M. College et al., peti-
tioners, v. H. Brent Davis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 527. Bernard F. Curry et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 529. Earl M. Owens, petitioner, v. John P. Traynor, Deputy
Commissioner, United States Department of Labor, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 530. Estate of Russell Harrison Varian, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 532. Darlington-Hartsville Coca-Cola Bottling Company et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 623. California, petitioner, v. Superior Court of California for
the County of San Diego. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 426. Jeremiah J. Kelley, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by the Chief Justice.
No. 502. Dillard Morrison, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
340-278-68-35

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
128
No. 510. Santo R. Sgarlato, Jr., petitioner, v. Solomon A. Klein.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 515. Louis Kaye, petitioner, v. Co-Ordinating Committee on
Discipline, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 511. Edward J. Simons et al., petitioners, v. Jerry Vinson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit and for other relief denied.
CALRERA
No. 412, Misc. Joseph W. Crea, petitioner, v. Vermont. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Vermont denied.
No. 483, Misc. Anthony Dentine, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 542, Misc. In the Matter of Frank Alexander Russo, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 561, Misc. James L. Bundy, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 577, Misc. William Leon Wallace, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 580, Misc. Luke Dismuke, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 587, Misc. James Thomas Wadsworth, petitioner, v. Kentucky.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 599, Misc. Tony Olvera, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 601, Misc. Harold F. Brewer, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 604, Misc. Cecil Bell, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 616, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 644, Misc. Gustavo Gonzalez, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
129
No. 647, Misc. Sylvester Lockhart, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
Hendrick et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 654, Misc. William Thomas Hilberry, petitioner, v. James F.
Maroney, Superintendent of Western State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 660, Misc. Robert Charles Garvie, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 669, Misc. Alexander Junior Caldwell, petitioner, v. Ira M.
Coiner, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 674, Misc. Marvin John Piche, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 676, Misc. Raymond Hilliard, petitioner, v. George B. Harris,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 706, Misc. Harry Mercer, petitioner, v. Arlen Specter et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 707, Misc. Ralph Darling, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 708, Misc. Albert Lonzo Cantrell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 714, Misc. Gerald Groves, petitioner, v. Mark G. Schultz,
Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
1 Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 731, Misc. Stephen Conover, petitioner, v. TV Station WPTZ,
Channel 5, a Rollins Station, Plattsburgh. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 737, Misc. George Wayne Aguiar, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 739, Misc. John Arthur Welsh, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 756, Misc. Johnny Watson, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
130
No. 768, Misc. Riley L. Miller, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 775, Misc. Tennison Madison, petitioner, v. W. C. Brown, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 380, Misc. Mose Garlin Starrett, petitioner, v. Bobby Bruce,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 631, Misc. Horace Nelson Laws et al., petitioners, v. New Jer-
sey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 838, Misc. Farbenfabriken Bayer A. G., petitioner v. United
States; and
No. 839, Misc. Farbenfabriken Bayer A. G., petitioner, v. United
States. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 717, Misc. Grady Asbon Cox, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden; and
No. 869, Misc. Joseph Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 1511, Misc., October Term, 1967. Frederick W. Copeland,
petitioner, v. First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Lake
County et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 50. Hanover Insurance Company of New York, appellant, v.
Carl S. Victor;
No. 154. Fort Howard Paper Company, petitioner, v. Kimberly-
Clark Corporation;
No. 159. Ruth E. Biddle, Administratrix, appellant, v. Ida M.
Bowser et al.;
No. 270. Paul Penjaska and John Penjaska, appellants, v. Good-
body & Company;
No. 281. William H. Kenner et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 319. Vincent John Rao, petitioner, v. United States;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1968
No. 321. Victoria A. Hart, petitioner, v. David W. Hedrick, etc.;
No. 334. Willis O. Mizner, petitioner, v. Ruth E. Mizner;
No. 343. United States, petitioner, v. An Article of Drug
Bacto-Unidisk
: and
;
131
No. 359. John F. Graham, petitioner, v. Harold H. Greene et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 242. Jorge I. Rosso and Carmen Descartes, appellants, v. Puerto
Rico. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 126, Misc. Ralph A. Varone, petitioner, v. Alice E. Varone;
No. 172, Misc. Daniel Anthony Burns, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 405, Misc. Willie James Ford, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 424, Misc. M. A. Steinhardt, petitioner, v. Florida. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 527, Misc. Ervin Hohensee and Richard Hohensee, petitioners,
v. Lovell O. Minear. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 9, 1968, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 9, 1968, will be as follows: Nos.
43, 199, 60, and 61.
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
132
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
Louis R. Eglash, of Los Angeles, Calif., Clifford Joseph Schott, of
Lakeland, Fla., John Fredric Wendel, of Lakeland, Fla., Robert H.
Mackenzie, of Tampa, Fla., Thomas G. Wilson, of Tampa, Fla.,
George Patrick Smith II, of Buffalo, N.Y., Michael Seth Fawer,
of New York, N.Y., William Forbes Ramsey, of Greensboro, N.C.,
Thomas Albert Hansen, of Dayton, Ohio, and J. Lawrence Blanken-
ship, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Erwin N. Griswold; John H. Moore II, of Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., on
motion of Mr. J. Herbert Burke; Joseph Francis Leonard, Jr., of
Kerrville, Tex., on motion of Mr. Harold Barefoot Sanders; John Van
Voorhis, of Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Eugene Van Voorhis;
Judith N. Stein, of Washington, D.C., and Stephen W. Stein, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Charles T. Duncan; Pierce
Moore, of Decatur, Ga., and J. J. Wade, Jr., of Charlotte, N.C., on
motion of Mr. Paul F. Treusch; Geo. M. Leppert, of New Orleans,
La., on motion of Mr. John Patrick Baker; Leo Ellwood Holt, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner Claiborne; Stanford G.
Ross, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank M. Wozencraft;
Humes Jefferson Franklin, of Waynesbore, Va., Everett Mauck
Garber, Jr., of Waynesboro, Va., and Gorden Wallace Poindexter, Jr.,
of Waynesboro, Va., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Lester A.
Bonaguro, of Arlington Heights, Ill., and Robert Harry Reeder, of
Evanston, Ill., on motion of Mr. Barnard J. Waters.
Charles Ronald Burns Kirk, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Derald E. Granberg; Martin S. Depper, of Oakland, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Thomas J. O'Connell; Gilbert F. De Borba, of Fremont,
Calif., and Henry Mariani, of Santa Clara, Calif., on motion of Mrs.
LuVerne Conway; Breece W. Sloan, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Ralph J. Moore, Jr.; James R. Stanley, of Philadelphia, Pa., on
motion of Mr. John J. Carmody; Walter A. Kernan, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. George E. McMurray, Jr.; Paul E. Goldstein,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Marshall Patner; Mitchell A. Kra-
mer, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Frank E. Hahn, Jr., Al-
bert Felton Jenkins, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., and Frank S. Cheatham, Jr.,
340-278-68- -36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
133
of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles L. Gowen; James Edward
McAleer, of Savannah, Ga., and Frank Brooks Zeigler, of Savannah,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Harry Peter Anestos; Richard L. Curry, of
Chicago, Ill., and Howard C. Goldman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Raymond F. Simon; William Dan Copland, of Columbus, Ga.,
and James Benjamin Finley, of Columbus, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Grover H. Posey; and Robert Lyle Wiesenthal, of Downers Road, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Dennis Rex Hunt, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 131. Carmine Vincent Palmieri, petitioner, v. Florida. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Writ of certiorari dis-
missed as improvidently granted. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 74. Philip Jerome Stiles, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 553. South Carolina State Board of Education et al., appel-
lants v. J. Arthur Brown et al.; and
No. 563. Mrs. Ernest T. Cribb et al., appellants, v. J. Arthur
Brown et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
District of South Carolina. The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 579. Clay L. Shaw, appellant, v. Jim Garrison et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Louisiana. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Chief Justice Warren took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 659. Lawrence Landry et al., appellants, v. John S. Boyle,
Chief Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinios, et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois. The appeal is dismissed for failure to comply with rule
13 (1). Opinion per curiam.
No. 423, Misc. John E. Moore, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
134
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 747, Misc. Larry Cross, appellant, v. Illinois. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Illinois. The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, certorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No.- Salvatore Granello, petitioner, v. United States. The
application for bail presented to Mr. Justice Harlan, and by him
referred to the Court, is denied. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No.-
No.
Charles Francis Frazier, petitioner, v. United States; and
Carol W. Thomas, petitioner, v. Joe M. Crevasse, Jr.,
Sheriff of Alachua County, Florida. The applications for bail pre-
sented to Mr. Justice Black, and by him referred to the Court, are
denied.
No.
-
No.
Eugene Hairston, petitioner, v. Illinois; and
Alfred Schnitzler, petitioner, v. Harold W. Follette,
Warden. The applications for bail presented to Mr. Justice Douglas,
and by him referred to the Court, are denied.
No—. Floyd Bloss, petitioner, v. Michigan. The application for
stay and bail presented to Mr. Justice Stewart, and by him referred
to the Court, is denied.
No 40. William Joe Johnson, petitioner, v. Harry S. Avery, Com-
missioner of Correction, et al. The motions of Harry D. Smith and
Calvin C. Shobe for leave to file briefs, as amicus curiae, are denied.
No. 65. Timothy F. Leary, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
of the National Student Association for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted.
No. 366. United States, appellant, v. Henry Preston Covington.
The motion of appellee for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is granted. The motion for the appointment of counsel is
granted, and it is ordered that William J. Davis, Esquire, of Columbus,
Ohio, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the appellee
in this case.
No. 413. North Carolina et al., petitioners, v. Clifton A. Pearce.
The motion of the respondent for the appointment of counsel is
granted, and it is ordered that Larry B. Sitton, Esquire, of Greens-
boro, North Carolina, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel
for the respondent in this case.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
135
No. 749. Adolpho Rodriquez, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted, and
it is ordered that William R. Wallace, Esquire, of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, a member of the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 244. John S. Boyle, Chief Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Lawrence Landry, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 548. Roderick Jenkins, appellant, v. John Julien McKeithen
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 580. George Samuels et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al.; and
No. 844, Misc. Fred Fernandez, appellant, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. Cases consolidated and one hour allotted for oral
argument. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in No. 844
Misc. granted and case transferred to appellate docket.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 228. James T. Willingham and C. A. Jarvis, petitioners, v.
Daniel Morgan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell
Paul, Jr., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 574. United States, petitioner, v. Estate of Joseph P. Grace,
deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to United States Court of
Claims granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 528. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam H. Johnson et al.; and
No. 663. John P. Traynor and Jerry C. Oosting, Deputy Com-
missioners, petitioners, v. William H. Johnson et al. Motion of re-
spondent, Avery, in No. 528 to dispense with printing brief in op-
position granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
136
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted. Cases consolidated
and one hour allotted for oral argument.
No. 442, Misc. Raymond Joseph DuVernay, petitioner, v. United
States. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to appellate docket, placed on sum-
mary calendar, and set for oral argument immediately following
No. 403.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 180. Fred Cosentino, petitioner, v. The Royal Netherlands
Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 487. National Dairy Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 531. Wyndham Associates et al., petitioners, v. David C.
Bintliff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 533. Eura Mae Higginbotham Green et al., petitioners, v. The
Texas Gulf Sulphur Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 534. Mabel Whayne, petitioner, v. M. V. Shuttler, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 535. The Western and Southern Life Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 536. Joseph Reiter and LeRoy Guntner, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 537. Hendry Corporation, petitioner, v. United States Fidel-
ity and Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Unit-
ed States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 538. Lavino Shipping Company, petitioner, v. American-West
African Line, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. NORTH
No. 539. Resolute Insurance Company, petitioner, v. South Caro-
lina et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
340-278-68-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
137
No. 540. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Donald A. Scott,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 541. Louis LeLaurin, petitioner, v. Frost National Bank Trus-
tee et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 545. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 547. Policarpos Ramantanin, petitioner, v. Department of Per-
sonnel of the City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 549. John D. Senchal et al., petitioners, v. V. H. Carroll, Trus-
tee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 550. S. Dean Slough, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 551. Corn Products Company, petitioner, v. Baxter Labora-
tories, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 552. N. V. Stoomvaart Maatschappij "Netherland", petitioner,
v. Standard Oil Company of California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 554. The Scam Instrument Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 557. A. C. Park, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 560. Arnold Constable Corporation, petitioner, v. Eudowood
Shopping Center, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 564. Confederation Life Association, petitioner, v. Manuel An-
tonio Vega y Arminan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 565. Edward Fredkin, petitioner, v. Eugene H. Irasek. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Pat-
ent Appeals denied.
No. 566. Paul Sulger, petitioner, v. B. H. Pochyla et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 569. Howard Curry, petitioner, v. The Florida Bar. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
138
No. 570. Snelling and Snelling of Baltimore, Inc., petitioner, v.
Angelo R. Mascaro et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 571. Gary James Sylvia, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third
District, denied.
No. 575. Michael D. Preston, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 577. Joseph P. Glimco et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 581. Bernard D. Grossman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 583. Cecil B. Sanner et ux., petitioners, v. The Trustees of the
Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 586. Romeo Trujillo-M, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova Sco-
tia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 588. HLH Products, Division of Hunt Oil Co., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 589. Jesus Rolon Marxuach, petitioner v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 590. Robert Jayson et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 556. Carl R. Anderson and Gerritt A. Gates, petitioners, v.
Empire Seafoods, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 558. James M. Pennington et al., petitioners, v. United Mine
Workers of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice
Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 568. Howard B. Quinn, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 584. Joe R. Ramos et ux., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
139
Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 89, Misc. Frank Dvorsky, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 116, Misc. Stillman Small, petitioner, v. Wilbur J. Cohen,
Secretary, Department of Health, Education and Welfare. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 136, Misc. John P. Shale, etc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 178, Misc. Oskar Gruenwald, petitioner, v. Wilbur J. Cohen,
Secretary, Department of Health Education, and Welfare. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 207, Misc. Theodore C. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 248, Misc. Samuel Frazier, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 262, Misc. Orrin Scott Reed, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 304, Misc. Robert G. Gallagher, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 324, Misc. Wilson Gray et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 335. Misc. George Watson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 343, Misc. Howard Clifford Moore, petitioner, v. H. C. Cupp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 413, Misc. Jesse James Gilbert, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 416, Misc. James Raymond Alaway, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
140
No. 428, Misc. Willie Charles Hill, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 460, Misc. William Isaac Davis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 466, Misc. William R. Daugherty, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 481, Misc. Monroe Cornish, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Kenney,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court.
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 503, Misc. Robert L. McHale, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 548, Misc. Dale Norwood Hall, petitioner, v. United States,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 552, Misc. Steven V. Scott, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 554, Misc. William Dean Rogerson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 575, Misc. Edward Heisler, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 607, Misc. Albert Lee Matherne, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 645, Misc. David Harold Robinson, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 659, Misc. Alonzo Calloway and Terry L. S. McCowey, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 672, Misc. Victor D. Cifarelli, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 673, Misc. James Douglas Davis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
141
No. 675, Misc. Agnes Bauman, petitioner, v. Michael Bauman.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 697, Misc. Billy Joe Martin, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 704, Misc. Salvador S. Perez, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 705, Misc. L. Barbara Savely Swanson et al., petitioners, c.
Judge Boyers, Sumner County Circuit Court, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 713, Misc. Clarence L. Davis, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Walter
Turner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 722, Misc. Samuel E. Muniz, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 740, Misc. John F. Beltowski, petitioner, v. Minnesota. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 748, Misc. Richard Willup Lee, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 749, Misc. Edward Hill, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 750, Misc. Alonzo Roland, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 754, Misc. Ramon G. Morales, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 760, Misc. John T. P. Haughey, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 761, Misc. Nathaniel Raullerson, petitioner, v. Wayne K. Pat-
terson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 765, Misc. Ronald Harry Smith, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
142
No. 771, Misc. In the Matter of Dwight Gaskins, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 772, Misc. Elbert Eugene Green, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 777, Misc. Waymond Augustus Nichols, petitioner, v. C. C. Pey-
ton. Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 783, Misc. Selvin Lemon, Jr., petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 784, Misc. Arthur C. Schultz, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 787, Misc. John Stephen Willard, Sr., petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Flor-
ida. Third District, denied.
No. 789, Misc. Emile Catalanotto, petitioner, v. Associates Dis-
count Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 792, Misc. Albert Brooks, petitioner, v. William E. Buder,
Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 800, Misc. Carl L. Courtney, petitioner, v. Virginia State
Parole Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 802, Misc. Robbie Craig, petitioner, v. Carl Hocker. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 805, Misc. Albert E. Martinez, Jr., petitioner, v. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 809, Misc. Ruby Fay Chinowith, petitioner, v. Insurance Com-
pany of North America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 816, Misc. Carlton Lamarr Hogan, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 821, Misc. James Conway, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fifth Ap-
pellate District, denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
143
No. 822, Misc. Clarence E. Jones, Sr., petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 824, Misc. Dolphin G. Thompson et ux., petitioners, v. Leonard
P. Walsh et al., Judges, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 825, Misc. Charles G. Stapleton, petitioner, v. Superior Court,
Los Angeles County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 827, Misc. Lawrence Prillerman, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 853, Misc. Edward H. Bradshaw, petitioner, v. Island Creek
Coal Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 280, Misc. Leopold J. Gunston, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 290, Misc. James Roger Edwards, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 299, Misc. Albert David O'Day, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 651, Misc. John Brandon, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 711, Misc. John Otis Sumrall, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 725, Misc. Joe Lingo, Jr., petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 742, Misc. Robert E. Johnson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California and for
other relief denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
144
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 780, Misc. Grady L. Harper, Jr., petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden, et al;
No. 886, Misc. Clyde C. Stout, petitioner, v Michigan;
No. 913, Misc. Ralph C. Turner, petitioner, v. Donald J. Sheehy,
Superintendent of Lorton Reformatory, et al.; and
No. 963, Misc. Oscar Shipp, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 703, Misc. Jack Lee Park, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No.788, Misc. Standard Fruit and Steamship Co., petitioner, v.
Seybourn H. Lynne, Chief Judge, etc., et al.; and
No. 794, Misc. Forest Alexander, petitioner, v. Fred W. Kaess,
Judge, etc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 149. Russell G. Courtney, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 212, Carlos Overton, petitioner, v. New York;
No. 249. Harold C. Fuller, petitioner, v. Alaska;
No. 364. Mary Lee Lake, et vir, appellants, v. Potomac Light and
Power Company;
No. 381. Albert J. Minichello and Nicholas Mauriello, etc., peti-
tioners, v. William B. Camp, Comptroller of Currency for the United
States, et al.; and
No. 414. Thomas Rogers Lichten et al., appellants, v. Texas. Pe-
titions for rehearing denied.
No. 239. Estate of Arlester L. Burnell, Ward, appellant, v. Colo-
rado. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 375. Velma L. Mengelkoch et al., appellants, v. Industrial Wel-
fare Commission and North American Aviation, Inc. Petition for
rehearing by appellant, Mengelkoch, denied.
No. 82, Misc. Jimmy C. Johnson, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections;
No. 544, Misc. Joel D. Hankins et al., petitioners, v. Matthew A.
Kane, etc.;
No. 621, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. Tri Par Radio and Ap-
pliance Co., Inc., et al.;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1968
145
No. 661, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. John Stamos, State's
Attorney for Cook County, et al.; and
No. 786, Misc. Ex parte Jack Kamsler, petitioner. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 300, Misc. Frederick C. Fermin, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 316, Misc. Irwin W. Anderten, petitioner, v. Warden, South
Dakota Penitentiary; and
No. 421, Misc. James M. Fletcher, petitioner, v. California. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 16, 1968, until
Monday, January 13, 1969.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 43. William J. McCarthy, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Maurice J. McCarthy for the petitioner and by Mr. James Van
R. Springer for the respondent.
No. 199. George B. Harris, Judge of United States District Court
for the Northern District of California v. Louis S. Nelson, Warden.
One hour and forty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argued by
Mr. J. Stanley Pottinger for the petitioner, by Mr. Derald E. Gran-
berg for the respondent and by Mr. Jerome Feit for the United States,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 71. Presbyterian Church in the United States et al., petition-
ers, v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles L. Gowen for the peti-
tioners and continued by Mr. Owen H. Page for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 10, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 71, 60, 44, and 150.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1968
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Tom Downs, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur D. Sparks;
Joseph Patrick Kubat, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd
Lee Williams; Robert A. Yothers, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Stanton Pavian Sender; Hart T. Mankin, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Bernard J. Waters; Ralph Werner, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Neville Miller; Louise S. Korns, of New Orleans, La.,
on motion of Mr. George M. Leppert; Donald Gordon Black, of San
Rafael, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Maier; Gerald Daniel
McGonigle, of Salem, N.H., on motion of Mr. Glen B. Smith; Daniel
H. Mahoney, of Albany, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Joseph Leahy;
Lee Leibik, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Marshall Patner; Brooks
Braddock La Grua, of Stonington, Conn., on motion of Mr. Joseph
E. Donahue; Albert Lionel Jacobs, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Albert L. Jacobs; C. Lee Cook, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., and Victor
P. Kayser, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John D. Nies; and
George F. Carroll, Jr., of Norwalk, Conn., and Joseph D. Har-
baugh, of Branford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Robert N. Grosby, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 71. Presbyterian Church in the United States et al., petition-
ers, v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Owen H. Page for the respondents and
concluded by Mr. Charles L. Gowen for the petitioners.
No. 60. Dick Gregory et al., petitioners, v. City of Chicago. Argued
by Mr. Marshall Patner for the petitioners and by Mr. Raymond F.
Simon for the respondent.
No. 61. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Strong, d/b/a Strong Roofing & Insulating Co. Argued by Mr. Harris
Weinstein for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles G. Bakaly, Jr., for
the respondent.
No. 44. William Skinner et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Argued by
Mr. George M. Leppert for the petitioners and by Mrs. Louise Korns
for the respondent.
340-278-68-38

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1968
147
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 11, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 150, 69, 198, 65, and 366.
☑

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1968
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Ben Adelman, of Canoga Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Daniel
M. Friedman; John Edgar Brown III, of Cleveland, Tenn., and
John Ervin Linn, of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H.
Baker, Jr.; Harvey Erwin Schlesinger, of Jacksonville, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Edward Albert Charron; Richard Davidson Hum-
phreys, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. John L. Ostby; Robert
Gorham Fuller, Jr., of Augusta, Maine, and Jerome Samson Matus,
of Gardiner, Maine, on motion of Mr. William J. Levy; Courtland D.
Perry, of Augusta, Maine, on motion of Mr. David James Sharpe;
Bryon Thomas Cooksey, of Vero Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. John
P. Cole, Jr.; Alford Lee Trueax, Jr., of Huntingdon Valley, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Thomas J. Greer, Jr.; John Peter Barnes, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. William Wood Watson; John Alexander
Dahlstrom, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Wallace L.
Duncan; William O. Carpenter, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr.
John Gordon Smith; and Bruce S. Feldacker, of St. Louis, Mo., Wm.
David Newbern, of Fayetteville, Ark., and Russell Clyde Shaw, of
Wapakoneta, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Michael Arthur Brown, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 150. Frances Mattiello, appellant, v. Connecticut. Argued by
Mr. Robert N. Grosby for the appellant and by Mr. George F. Carroll,
Jr., for the appellee.
No. 69. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company. Argued by Mr. Neal P. Rutledge
for the petitioners and by Mr. Dennis G. Lyons for the respondent.
No. 198. Richard M. Smith, petitioner, v. Fred M. Hooey, judge,
• Criminal District Court of Harris County, Texas. Argued by Mr.
Charles Alan Wright for the petitioner and by Mr. Joe S. Moss for the
respondent.
No. 65. Timothy F. Leary, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
commenced by Mr. Robert J. Haft for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. John S. Martin, Jr., for the respondent.
340-278-68-39

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1968
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
149
The day call for Thursday, December 12, 1968, will be as follows:
65, 366, 200, and 201.
Х

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1968
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Jackson Irwin, Jr., of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris
K. Udall; Michael Stewart Horne, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Charles A. Miller; Natalie Baskin, of Coral Gables, Fla., and
Leonard David Baskin, of Coral Gables, Fla., on motion of Mr. Harold
H. Shaller; Larry Dale Ripley, of Boise, Idaho, Robert E. Simpson, of
Tacoma, Wash., and James Warren Cook, of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. Stanton Pavian Sender; Jack B. Strong, of Longview, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Kenneth H. Burns; John Arlen Evans, of Gulfport,
Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell; Donald W. Bird, of
St. Louis, Mo., and Arthur Gaillard McComas, of Elk City, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. John S. Martin, Jr.; Donald Marvin Caplan, of
Silver Spring, Md., N. Alfred Pasternak, of Bethesda, Md., and Stanley
Wanger, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. M. Michael Cramer;
Richard Lee Barr, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Michael H.
Bader; John K. Dubiel, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lawrence
Henneberger; Bruce S. Rogow, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Ralph
Jason Temple; Anthony A. Sicilia, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Philip R. Ehrencrantz; Albert Ralph Trower, of Napa, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Morton Hollander; Michael J. Henke, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry P. Sailer; and Charles P. Mirarchi, Sr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and Charles P. Mirarchi, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Michael C. Rainone, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 65. Timothy F. Leary, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
continued by Mr. John S. Martin, Jr., for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Robert J. Haft for the petitioner.
No. 366. United States, appellant, v. Henry Preston Covington.
1 Leave granted Mr. Philip A. Lacovara to appear and present oral
argument for the appellant, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. John S.
Martin, Jr. Argued by Mr. Philip A. Lacovara for the appellant,
pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, by Mr. William J. Davis for
the appellee and by Mr. Robert J. Haft for the appellee by special
leave of Court.
340-278-68-40

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1968
151
No. 200. Ben H. Frank, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by Mr.
John B. Ogden for the petitioner and by Mr. Peter L. Strauss for the
respondent.
No. 201. John Dalmer Benton, petitioner, v. Maryland. Argued by
Mr. M. Michael Cramer for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward F.
Borgerding for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 16, 1968, at 10'clock.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Leo J. Beauclair, of Valley City, N. Dak., William R. Weissman, of
New York, N.Y., Joseph Jerome Lastelick, of Dallas, Tex., Charles
M. Haar, of Cambridge, Mass., and Fred Bruner of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Attorney General William Ramsey Clark; Roger Carl
Ohlrich, of Washington, D.C., Edward Otho Cresap Ord, of Wash-
ington, D.C., James E. Biava, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ralph W. Cook,
of Sacramento, Calif., Joseph Taback, of Los Angeles, Calif., Stephen
J. Csontos, of Washington, D.C., Joseph Minotti, of Bushnell, Fla.,
Joseph Eckford Brown, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., Ronald Alan Pearlman,
of St. Louis, Mo., Allen Goldstein, of Rockville, Md., Alvin Hirshen,
of New York, N.Y., Denis E. Dillon, of New York N.Y., Winford
Virgil Weiford, of Canton, Ohio, John H. Chambers, of Arlington,
Tex., David Greene Lilly, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Jacob J. Ross,
Jr., of Natrona, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N.
Griswold; Wendell Wilkie Mitchell, of Gadsden, Ala., on motion of
Mr. Tom Bevill; Linus L. Zukas, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Benj. B. Blackburn III; Marion Justin Reinhardt, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
on motion of Judge Edward D. Re; David P. Houlihan, of Bethesda,
Md., on motion of Mr. Stanley Metzger; Reuben B. Robertson III,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Peter L. Strauss; Raymond
John Long, of McLean, Va., on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Keefe; Gerard
Joseph Glass, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer.
Thomas Charles Green, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr.
David G. Bress; David Henry Olson, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
William Fauver, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert E.
Nagle; J. Marne Gleason, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Roy W. McDonald; Robert Regnor Rydell, of Des Moines, Iowa, on
motion of Mr. Thomas L. C. Vail; Michael Roy Sonnenreich, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Bogomolny; George
William McBurney, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Richard J.
Flynn; John Michael Bollman, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Arthur B. Hanson; Paul Lynch, of Shreveport, La., and Patrick
C. Coughlan, of Boca Raton, Fla., on motion of Mr. Michael Arthur
Brown; Donald Martin Fenmore, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
340-278-68- -41

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
153
of Mr. Maxwell J. Fenmore; Hardin Austin Whitney, Jr., of Salt
Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Jerome B. Libin; Ronald J. St.
Onge, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. William K. Tell, Jr.;
Lawrence Glenn Mertes, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Glendale O. Scott; Jeremiah Luxemburger, of Atlanta, Ga., on mo-
tion of Mr. Phillip Dean Bostwick; Ralph Adam Fine, of New York,
N.Y., and Jerome M. Kay, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
James G. Greilsheimer; Thomas Ball Bracken, of Washington, D.C.,
and Ronnie A. Yoder, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John H.
Quinn, Jr.; and Roger A. Bjorvik, of Chicago, Ill., Nelson C. Cud-
deback, of Chicago Heights, Ill., Clayton F. Everett, of Chicago,
Ill., Matthew J. Gormley III, of Haverstraw, N.Y., William L. Haas,
of Framingham, Mass., Gerald E. A. Holland, of Chicago, Ill., John
C. Kiely, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Carl J. Klein, of Morton Grove, Ill.,
Charles P. Logan, Jr., of Wheaton, Ill., Raymond R. Mech, of Des
Plaines, Ill., Gerson E. Meyers, of Chicago, Ill., James S. Mills, of
Geneva, Ill., Bernard H. Ostrowsky, of Chicago, Ill., Keith D. Schulz,
of Chicago, Ill., Ernest Redington Stent, of Chicago, Ill., Howard
Walker, of Chicago, Ill., and Robert E. Wiss, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Donald D. Chapman, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 46. James J. Oestereich, petitioner, v. Selective Service Sys-
tem Local Board No. 11, Cheyenne, Wyoming, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Wyoming where petitioner must have the
opportunity to prove the facts alleged and also to demonstrate that he
meets the jurisdictional requirements of 28 U.S.C. § 1331. Opinion by
Mr Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in
the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr.
Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice White join.
No. 24. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Texaco, Inc.,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for enforcement of the Commis-
sion's order with the exception of paragraphs five and six of the order
against Texaco. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 32. Gale H. Johnson, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Black dissents.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16,
1968
The Chief Justice said:
154
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 561. Johnny C. Wilson et al., appellants, v. Asa D. Kelley, Jr.,
Director of the State Board of Corrections of Georgia, et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice White are
of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 572. Ramsey Clark et al., appellants, v. Charles Joseph Cuney
Gabriel. Appeal from the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of California. Motion of appellee for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis granted, judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Cali-
fornia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las. Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice
White concur in the judgment for the reasons stated in Mr. Justice
Stewart's dissenting opinion in No. 46, ante. Mr. Justice Black would
note probable jurisdiction and set case down for argument.
No. 609. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v. City
of Los Angeles et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismised for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 615. Household Goods Carriers' Bureau et al., appellants, v.
United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California. The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 617. Suzanne G. Ogle, appellant, v. V. A. Heim, Auditor-
Controller of the County of Orange, California. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of California. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opin-
ion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. Franklin P. Gavin, petitioner, v. Emmet J. Lynch. The
application for a stay presented to Mr. Justice Black, and by him
referred to the Court, is denied.
-
No. Sherman H. Skolnick et al., appellants, v. Mayor and City
Council of Chicago et al. The application for a stay presented to Mr.
Justice Douglas, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
155
No.. Great Northern Railway Merger case. The applications by
the United States and the city of Auburn, Washington, for a stay of
the effectiveness of orders of the Interstate Commerce Commission,
dated November 30, 1967, and April 11, 1968, authorizing the merger of
the Great Northern Railway Company, the Northern Pacific Railway
Company, the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Company,
the Pacific Coast Railway Company and the Spokane, Portland and
Seattle Railway Company, are granted, said stay to remain in effect
until further order of this Court. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 49. Zenith Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Research,
Inc., et al. The request for additional time is granted and a total of
three hours is allotted for oral argument.
No. 201. John Dalmer Benton, petitioner, v. Maryland. This case
is restored to the docket for reargument on March 24, 1969, limited to
the following question, not specified in the original writ:
"Does the 'concurrent sentence doctrines,' enunciated in Hirabayashi
v. United States, 320 U.S. 81, 105, and subsequent cases, have continu-
ing validity in light of such decisions as Ginsberg v. New York, 390
U.S. 629, 633, n. 2, Peyton v. Rowe, 391 U.S. 54, Carafas v. LaVallee,
391 U.S. 234, 237–238, and Sibron v. New York, 392 U.S. 40, 50–58?”
The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of
the United States and to participate in oral argument.
No. 243. Citizen Publishing Company et al., appellants, v. United
States. The motion of Robert L. Stern for leave to participate in oral
argument, for amici curiae, is denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 273. Russell Scofield et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board et al. The motion of respondent, International Union,
UAW, to argue orally is granted and twenty additional minutes are
allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the petitioners are likewise al-
lotted twenty additional minutes for oral argument. Mr. Justice Mar-
shall took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 379. International Terminal Operating Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
N. V. Nederl. Amerik Stoomv. Maats. The motion to recall and amend
the judgment of this Court is granted. It is ordered that the certified
copy of the judgment sent to the District Court be recalled and the case
be remanded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit.
No. 646. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. J. J. Parker, Warden.
The motion to remove this case from the summary calendar is denied.
No. 889, Misc. Mark Paulekas, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark, At-
torney General, et al. The stay heretofore granted by this Court on
October 25, 1968, is hereby dissolved.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
156
No. 620. James L. Moore et al., appellants, v. Samuel Shapiro, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos,
etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama. Motion to dispense with printing jurisdictional
statement granted. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case
set for oral argument on January 21, 1969, together with the motion
for an order to show cause why Judge Herndon should not be held in
contempt and for other relief. Appellants' briefs shall be filed by Jan-
uary 3, 1969, and responding briefs by January 17, 1969. Case may be
presented on the original record, without printing. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of these matters.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 573. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gissel
Packing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 691. Food Store Employees Union, Local No. 347, Amalga-
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Gissel Packing Company, Inc. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allotted
for oral argument.
No. 585. The Sinclair Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted. Case placed on sum-
mary calendar and set for oral argument immediately following Nos.
573 and 691.
No. 622. William L. Maxwell, petitioner, v. O. E. Bishop, Superin-
tendent, Arkansas State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted,
limited to questions 2 and 3 of the petition which read as follows:
"2. Whether Arkansas' practice of permitting the trial jury absolute
liscretion, uncontrolled by standards or directions of any kind, to im-
pose the death penalty violates the Due Process Clause of the Four-
teenth Amendment?
"3. Whether Arkansas' single-verdict procedure, which requires the
jury to determine guilt and punishment simultaneously and a defend-
ant to choose between presenting mitigating evidence on the punish-
ment issue or maintaining his privilege against self-incrimination on
the guilt issue, violates the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments?"
340-278-68-42

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
157
Case placed on the summary calendar and set for oral argument im-
mediately following No. 642.
No. 167, Misc. Tommie E. L. Williams, petitioner, v. City of Okla-
homa City et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Oklahoma granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 525. Matson Navigation Company, petitioner, v. C. R. Smith,
Secretary of Commerce, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 593. Ruby L. Porter, etc., petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 594. Legal Integrity Preservation Society, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Eugene X. Murphy et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 597. Mississippi Power Company et al., petitioners, v. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 599. Phoenix Title & Trust Company, etc., petitioner, v. Edna
(Van-Y) Markel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arizona denied.
No. 600. Architectural Models, Inc., petitioner, v. Nils C. Neklason
and Donald Nusbaum, doing business as Scale Models Unlimited.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 601. Robert H. Howie, Jr., petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 602. Charles R. Barr et al., petitioners, v. Ruthie Mae Chat-
man et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 603. Continental Nut Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 604. Van A. Stilley, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 607. Ray Jackson Cribb, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
158
No. 612. Theatrical Protective Union No. 1, International Alliance
on Theatrical and Stage Employees, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Harold
Phalen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 614. The Commercial National Bank of Kansas City et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 618. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Alabama Electric
Cooperative, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 621. Frank J. Ragen, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 687. Evelle J. Younger, District Attorney, etc., petitioner, v.
Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District, denied.
No. 591. Vivian Walsh Barron, petitioner, v. Florida. Motion to
dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District, denied.
No. 592. John E. Bennett, Warden, petitioner, v. Ronald Maurice
Stump. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, and Mr. Justice White are of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 595. Earl R. Hinger, petitioner, v. City of Piqua. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Fortas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 608. Howard J. Theckston et ux., petitioners, v. Triangle Pub-
lications, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Fortas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 613. Thomas W. McArthur et al., petitioners, v. Clark Clifford,
Secretary of Defense, et al. Motions to dispense with printing petition
and to amend petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 258, Misc. Robert A. Jones, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneckloth
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 287, Misc. Paul B. Owens, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, et al. Petition for writ

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
159
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 336, Misc. Murray Pincus, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 373, Misc. LeRoy Early, petitioner v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 441, Misc. Howard James Beaver, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 459, Misc. Merlin Clair Bean and Louis Ann LeMay, peti-
tioners, v. Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 499, Misc. Charles Tolbert, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 531, Misc. Kenneth G. Sheldon, petitioner, v. Iowa. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 596, Misc. Stephen D. Zerschausky, petitioner, v. George Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 597, Misc. Robert Van Ermen, petitioner, v. John C. Burke.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 615, Misc. Ralph H. Lemon, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 658, Misc. Roger S. Bandy, petitioner, v. Untied States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 685, Misc. Albert Lessard, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 690, Misc. Douglas Warner, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 727, Misc. Herman Grimsley, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto, Su-
perintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 763, Misc. Rohalia Roberts, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
160
No. 767, Misc. Robert M. Jordan, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 774, Misc. Harry Lee Stokes, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 769, Misc. Kenneth R. Plaisance, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 778, Misc. Clayton Gilbert Knepfler, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 810, Misc. Harry Junior Williams, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 814, Misc. Cecil Hollis, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 818, Misc. Roger S. Bandy, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 843, Misc. Paul A. Studenroth, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 845, Misc. George Paul Conway, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 861, Misc. John C. Bennett, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 866, Misc. John Wesly Williams, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 896, Misc. Thomas Edward Blunt, petitioner, v. D. J. Sheehy,
Superintendent, Lorton Reformatory, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 897, Misc. Herman Williams, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 898, Misc. Lee Arthur Henley, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 903, Misc. Jack R: Delaney, petitioner, v. Hoyt C. Cupp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ore-
gon denied.
No. 147, Misc. Eddie Pool, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit and for other relief denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1968
161
No. 223, Misc. Leroy George Mendez, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 330, Misc. James Nelson Coleman, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 255, Misc. Johnny Leo Hill, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 841, Misc. James E. Dooley, petitioner, v. Alabama. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 860, Misc. Laurence Pat Schmiedeberg, petitioner, v. Dan E.
Walton, Judge. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus.
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 696, Misc. Ben Odes, petitioner, v. The Civil Service Commis-
sion of the City of Chicago et al.; and
No. 698, Misc. James A. Johnson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 86, Misc. Clyde Bates and Manuel Chavez, petitioners, v. Louis
S. Nelson, Warden; and
No. 132, Misc. Louis Perez Cerda, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 13, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 13, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
30 (and 31), 238, 269, and 273.
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
162
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Michael J. Balgley, of Chicago, Ill., Charles Freeland, of Pikes-
ville, Md., Charles Frederick Carson Ruff, of Washington, D.C.,
Brian Conboy, of New York, N.Y., Bruce A. Burns, of Lake Success,
N.Y., Solomon Leo Warhaftig, of New York, N.Y., and Don E.
Stokes, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin
N. Griswold; Paul G. Bower, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Wesley A.
Pomeroy, of Menlo Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren M. Chris-
topher; Bernard M. King, of Fremont, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Don Edwards; Marie Stuart Klooz, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mrs. Frances Norrington; Marian R. Pearlman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Edward Weinberg; Carl D. Hall, Jr., of Tulsa,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Ardon B. Judd, Jr.; J. Hugo Madison, of
Norfolk, Va., James A. Overton, of Portsmouth, Va., and Sterling
Wilson Walker, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid;
David D. Day, of Philadelphia, Pa., John G. Kneafsey, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., and Alexander Schachter, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. J. David Mann, Jr.; Whayne S. Quin, of Washington, D.C.,
and Wallace E. Whitmore, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Norman M. Glasgow; Michael Jennings Keady, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Bruce A. Butcher; Gerry M. Miller, of Mil-
waukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. David Leo Uelmen; and Jonathan W.
Lubell, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Monroe M. Friedman,
were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 17. United States, petitioner, v. The Donruss Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States.
District Court for the Western District of Tennessee for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Marshall. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Stewart join concurring in part
and dissenting in part.
No. 20. Joyce C. Thorpe, petitioner, v. Housing Authority of the
City of Durham. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
340-278-69 43

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
163
Carolina. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 51. United States, appellant, v. Joseph Francis Nardello and
Isadore Weisberg. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr.
Justice White took no part in the decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 191. Geraldine Snell et al., appellants, v. George K. Wyman, as
Commissioner, New York State Department of Social Services, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 490. James Boyd et al., appellants, v. Ramsey Clark, Attorney
General of the United States, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. The judgment
is affirmed, Clark v. Gabriel, 392 U.S. -, without reaching the juris-
dictional question raised under 28 U.S.C. § 1331. Opinion per curiam.
No. 648. Markham Advertising Company, Inc., et al. appellants, v.
Washington et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington.
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 652. Jerome R. Freed, appellant, v. Ronald J. Baldi et al. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Colorado. The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 665. Louise Tucker Bennett et al., each individually and on be-
half of all others similarly situated, appellants, v. D. S. Cottingham et
al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Alabama. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Harlan
and Mr. Justice Brennan are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
164
No. 684. Abbott Estrin, etc., et al., appellants, v. W. F. Moss, Com-
missioner of Agriculture of Tennessee, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Tennessee, Middle Division. The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 703. Charlie W. Ward, etc., et al., appellants, v. Lyndon B.
Johnson et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois. The motion to dispense with printing
the jurisdictional statement is granted. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 706. Williams and Company, Inc., appellant, v. City of Pitts-
burgh et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, West-
ern District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 708. Charles H. Cox et al., appellants, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 719. Robert A. Bennett, appellant, v. Mississippi. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 733. J. Harvie Williams et al., appellants, v. Virginia State
Board of Elections et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 738. Adkins Transfer Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Harold Dornbos and Beverly Dornbos, individually and dba H. J.
Dornbos & Bro., a co-partnership. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Michigan. The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a final judgment. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the appeal
should be dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Stewart is of the opinion that further consideration of the
question of jurisdiction should be postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 745. C. L. Hilliard, appellant, v. City of Gainesville, Florida.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 756. Mid-Valley Pipeline Company, appellant, v. Donald R.
King, Commissioner of Revenue, et al. Appeal from the Supreme

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
165
Court of Tennessee, Middle Division. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White are
of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 221, Misc. Donald Leslie Berger, petitioner, v. California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, for reconsideration in light of this Court's decision
in Barber v. Page, 390 U.S. 719. Opinion per curiam.
No. 871, Misc. Mosewood Brown, appellant, v. Ira M. Coiner,
Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Billy David Dickens, appellant, v. United States. The
application for bail pending appeal presented to Mr. Justice Douglas,
and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. . Stephen F. Schonbrun, petitioner, v. Commanding Offi-
cer et al. The application for reconsideration of the denial of a stay
of mandate presented to Mr. Justice Harlan, and by him referred
to the Court, is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that the
application should be granted.
No. 13. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, et al., appel-
lants, v. Aberdeen and Rockfish Railroad Company et al. The appel-
lees are requested to file within 30 days a response to the petition for
rehearing.
No. 44. William Skinner et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. The motion
of petitioners for leave to file a brief after argument is granted, and
such brief shall be filed within ten days.
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. The motion to remove this case from the summary
calendar is granted.
No. 216. Patrick G. Martone, appellant, v. Cecil Morgan et al. The
motion to consolidate this case with No. 548 is denied.
No. 297. Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v.
Veljko Stanisic. The motion of the respondent for the appointment
of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that G. Bernhard Fedde,
Esquire, of Portland, Oregon be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve
as counsel for the respondent in this case.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
166
No. 418. Curtis M. Simpson, Warden, petitioner, v. William S. Rice.
The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is granted. The motion of the respondent for the ap-
pointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that Oakley W.
Melton, Esquire, of Montgomery, Aabama, a member of the Bar of this
Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the re-
spondent in this case.
No. 453. John McMillan Gregg, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of the petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is granted. The motion of the petitioner for the appointment
of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that Dean E. Richards, Esquire,
of Indianapolis, Indiana, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 480. Harold Lawrence Blasius, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of the petitioner to dismiss the writ of certiorari under Rule 60
is granted.
No. 750. Glenn Martin Harrington, petitioner, v. California. The
motion of respondent to dispense with printing the appendix is denied.
No. 770. Ted Steven Chimel, petitioner, v. California. The joint
motion to dispense with printing the appendix is denied. The request
for additional time for oral argument is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 163. Evelle J. Younger, appellant, v. John Harris, Jr., et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Central District
of California. Motion to dispense with printing motion to affirm
granted. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 610. John L. Sullivan, Tax Commissioner of the State of Con-
necticut, et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In this case
probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 701. Gaston County, North Carolina, appellant, v. United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
•
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 624. Clyde A. Perkins, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 672. United States, petitioner, v. John P. King. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
340-278-69-44

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
167
No. 717. United States et al., petitioners, v. Radio Television News
Directors Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Case placed
on the summary calendar and set for oral argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 2.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 81. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, petitioner, v. John
P. McElroy et al; and
No. 128. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. John P. McElroy et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 332. David Bruce Moskowitz, petitioner, v. J. Winston Kindt
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 400. William J. Veres, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 441. Douglas Bryant and Doris May Bryant, petitioners, v.
Illinois and the City of Chicago. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 451. Jeff Fort, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 512. General Time Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 625. Nathan Habib, petitioner, v. Yvonne C. Edwards. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 627. Libbey-Owens-Ford Glass Company, petitioner, v. Frank
W. McCulloch et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 628. Everett Anderson, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 629. In the Matter of the Succession of E. W. K. Andrau. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 630. Richard T. Barnes et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 631. Yellow Cab Company, petitioner, v. Democratic Union
Organizing Committee, Local 777, S.I.U.N.A., AFL-CIO. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
168
No. 635. Irving D. Friedman et ux., petitioners, v. Chesapeake
and Ohio Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 637. Town of Hempstead et al., petitioners, v. American Air-
lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 639. Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Commission, pe-
titioner, v. United States et al.; and
No. 658. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 640. Ultimate Research and Development Corp., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Taylor Wine Company, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 649. John Dwain Dugger, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 653. Emmogene Snyder Prescott, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 654. McGordon Southall, t/a Southall Realty Company, pe-
titioner, v. Lillie Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 655. Laurence Davis, petitioner, v. Norman M. Littell. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 656. Roscoe L. Norman et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 661. Edgar I. Shott, Jr., petitioner, v. Thomas A. Conroy, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 664. Ransburg Electro-Coating Corp., petitioner, v. Ionic
Electrostatic Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Courts of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 666. Helen Corrine Scales T■rice, Executrix, etc., petitioner
v. Comercial Union Assurance Company, Ltd., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
169
No. 669. Francis J. Ivancie, petitioner, v. Robert Y. Thornton, At-
torney General of Oregon, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 674. William P. T. Preston, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United
States Trust Company of New York et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 677. Elfriede Berta Poprowski, petitioner, v. Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 678. Flambeau Plastics Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 679. In the Matter of Nathan Shavin, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 680. Warren H. Byrd, petitioner, v. Ward Lane, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 681. Jarobe Bros. Storage Warehouse, Inc., petitioner, v.
Allied Van Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 685. Union Railway Company, petitioner, v. Swift & Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 686. Robert Wilbur Ball, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third
District, denied.
No. 688. United Steelworkers of America, petitioner, v. CCI Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 689. Louis Famiano, petitioner, v. Gerald Enyeart, aka Gerry
Enyeart, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 690. Chris D. Stoltzfus et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 692. Deming National Bank, petitioner, v. Morrison Flying
Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 693. Michael Zakutansky and Arthur M. Johnston, petitioners,
v. United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
170
No. 694. Robert M. Pagano, petitioner, v. Samuel A. Martin and
Howard E. Miniter, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 695. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
Union No. 5, petitioner, v. United States of America, Equal Employ-
ment Opportunity Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 696. City of Miami Beach, Florida, petitioner, v. Victor H.
Kugel et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of Florida, Third District, denied.
No. 697. Alfred Romero et ux, petitioners, v. Ten Eyck-Shaw, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 700. Howard Hunt, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 702. George Leslie Samuels, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al.,
petitioners, v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 710. William Travis Blackburn, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 723. Isaac Call, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 714. Estate of Eleanor Buchanan Talbott, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 718. William J. Dawson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 721. Darlington Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 722. Deering Milliken, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. Petitions for writs of certorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 724. Charles Marcus, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
340-278--69-45
L

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
171
No. 725. Raymond Patriarca et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 727. Lloyd Braxton Burgess, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 728. Ira Clemens (individually and on behalf of others ad-
versely affected), petitioner, v. Central Railroad Company of New
Jersey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 729. International Woodworkers of America, Local Union 3-3,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 730. Robert M. Shelton, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 736. J. A. Cain dba Cain's Bar, petitioner, v. State Beverage
Department of Florida et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 737. Irving Napue, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 739. Claude B. Morgan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 742. Transit Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Security
Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 743. William Lee Freeman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 746. Ford M. Converse, petitioner, v. Stewart L. Udall, Secre-
tary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 747. Structural Laminates, Inc., petitioner, v. Douglas Fir Ply-
wood Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 751. Cannery Workers Union of the Pacific, etc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
172
No. 752. Milton Frank Allen Publications, Inc., petitioner, v. Geor-
gio Association of Petroleum Retailers, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 754. Percell Tarboro, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 821. General Time Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 633. Allen M. Krebs and Walter D. Teague, III, etc., petition-
ers, v. John M. Ashbrook et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 709. Martha G. Whitfield, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 716. General Time Corporation, petitioner, v. Talley Indus-
tries, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Doug-
las is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 636. Howard Yeager, Principal Keeper of the New Jersey
State Prison, petitioner, v. Sylvester Johnson and Stanley Cassidy.
Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 657. San Jacinto Sand Company, Inc., petitioner, v. South-
western Bell Telephone Company. Motion to enlarge record granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Fourteenth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 667. John G. Garner et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 671. Margaret McD. Leonard, Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. James H. Wharton, Administrator, C.T.A., etc. Motion to dispense
with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 683. Billie James Rose, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Motion to
dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
173
No. 711. Dominick E. Bartone, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
to despense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 676. Vito Genovese, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this petition.
No. 682. Frank Ditto, petitioner, v. City of Chicago et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 16, Misc. Lee Dell Walker, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 201, Misc. Eugene J. McCullough, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 317, Misc. George Bobby Mixon, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 349, Misc. Aristedes Menendez, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 354, Misc. Duane Edward Krug, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 362, Misc. William Edward Bradley, petitioner, v. Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Second District, denied.
No. 376, Misc. John L. Lacey, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 383, Misc. Grady Monroe Holsen, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 394, Misc. Anthony F. Oliveri, petitioner, v. Iowa. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 455, Misc. Edgar Moore, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 495, Misc. Paul Zamora, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
174
No. 555, Misc. Adam Amos Mack, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 557, Misc. Roland Tyler, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 563, Misc. James Carlton, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 565, Misc. Richard Burton Hendrickson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 569, Misc. Fred Tolever, petitioner, v. S. Lamont Smith, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 603, Misc. William Lee Miller, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 610, Misc. Raymond Leroy Mendez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 643, Misc. George Bailey and Virginia Royals Holmes, peti-
tioners, v. New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 650, Misc. Jack Barofsky, petitioner, v. General Electric Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 655, Misc. Ralph P. Bauerlien, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 657, Misc. George W. Price, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 670, Misc. Earl Tinch, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 684, Misc. Jackie Benny Boykin, a/k/a Benny Jackie Boykin,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 719, Misc. Travis M. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
175
No. 728, Misc. Miguel Marcelo Retolaza, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 735, Misc. Henry Hopkins, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 736, Misc. John Louis Nelson, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 759, Misc. Henry V. Wolenski, petitioner, v. John P. Shovlin,
M.D. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 764, Misc. Alberto Llanes, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 779, Misc. George Emerson Hart, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 782, Misc. Thurston Hill, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 791, Misc. Gerard Peabody, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 796, Misc. Lawrence Ray Yant, petitioner, v. Olin G. Black-
well, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 803, Misc. George L. Webb, petitioner, v. Howard M. Com-
stock, Superintendent, Sierra Conservation Center. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 806, Misc. Leonard M. Arnold, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hen-
drick, Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 808, Misc. Lowell, M. Birrell, petitioner, v. William B. Her-
lands, United States District Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 811, Misc. Rocco Salvatore Lupino, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 817, Misc. James Colavecchio and Albert Figer, petitioners,
v. Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio,
Eighth Judicial District, denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
176
No. 819, Misc. Sam Hamlett, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 820, Misc. Truman Adonis Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 830, Misc. Maudelene H. Strickland, petitioner, v. Wilbur J.
Cohen, Secretary of the Department of Health, Education and Wel-
fare. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 832, Misc. William W. Blakey, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 833, Misc. Paul Bumpus, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
denied.
No. 835, Misc. Vera E. Dooner, petitioner, v. Charles Buckman, Di-
rector of Kings Park State Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 837, Misc. Ulysses Henderson, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 842, Misc. James Gordon McCloskey, petitioner, v. Harold M.
Boslow, Director, Patuxent Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 846, Misc. Roy Gene Bond, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 848, Misc. Cecil George Woodside, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 849, Misc. Anthony Tortorice, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 852, Misc. Lally B. Hibbert, petitioner, v. New York City
Transit Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 854, Misc. Francis Furlong, petitioner, v. George Walker. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 856, Misc. Donald Richard Leeman, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
177
No. 862, Misc. Sam Zimmerman, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Special Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 863, Misc. Harvey Wurtzburger, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 864, Misc. Charles D. Larson, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied.
No. 868, Misc. New England Enterprises, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 870, Misc. Dennis R. Clark, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 872, Misc. Edward McCarthy, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 873, Misc. Rudolph Lavon Watkins, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 874, Misc. William Lent, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 876, Misc. John Johnson, petitioner, v. New York et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 878, Misc. Gerald Glen Boyden, petitioner, v. Jesse W. Curtis,
United States District Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 879, Misc. Gerald George Norman, petitioner, v. Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 880, Misc. Etienne Desroche, petitioner, v. Liberty Mutual In-
surance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 881, Misc. James Raymond Alaway, petitionerr, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 882, Misc. Roy E. Bracamonte, petitioner, v. H. V. Field. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 885, Misc. Benny Snell, petitioner, v. Curtis M. Simpson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ala-
bama denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
178
No. 888, Misc. Earnest Norman, petitioner, v. Richard H. Cham-
bers, Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 889, Misc. Mark Paulekas, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark, Attor-
ney General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 890, Misc. Tom Cruz Carlin, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 891, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. Raymond K. Procunier
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 892, Misc. Harvell J. Lewis, petitioner, v. California Depart-
ment of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 893, Misc. Hinda Baskin, petitioner, v. Thomas Tourlentes
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 895, Misc. Cardell Shaird, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York denied.
No. 899, Misc. Frank Hofler, petitioner, v. Spearin, Preston &
Burrows, Inc., and Tully & Di Napoli, Inc., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 900, Misc. Eddie H. Hill, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 902, Misc. Max Jerome Owens, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 904, Misc. William M. Pinkney, Sr., petitioner, v. Koret of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal
of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 906, Misc. Melvin Lewis Elliott, petitioner, v. Oregon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 908, Misc. Danton S. Miller, petitioner, v. Harold W. Follette,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 910, Misc. Jack R. Delaney, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
179
No. 911, Misc. Richard Riffon, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 914, Misc. James William Cammann, petitioner, v. Lloyd H.
Burke, Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 915, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 916, Misc. William George Knaub, petitioner, v. Alaska. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 917, Misc. George H. Nassar, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 918, Misc. C. W. Tarrance, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 920, Misc. Alexander Thomas Stevens, petitioner, v. Alaska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 922, Misc. Donnie Lee Martin, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 925, Misc. Doyle Waller, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 927, Misc. Doyle Howard Mace, petitioner, v. Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 928, Misc. James McCrimmon, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 930, Misc. Ralph Vernon Catlett, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 931, Misc. Donald E. Dorsey, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 932, Misc. John L. Hart, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 933, Misc. Calvin Keplinger, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
180
No. 935, Misc. Arley Ward, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 941, Misc. Ruchell Magee, petitioner, v. California et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 942, Misc. David Lee Peacock, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 944, Misc. Frank Jackson, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto, Super-
intendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 945, Misc. Marvin J. Piche, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 948, Misc. Leonard F. Murray, petitioner, v. John W. Macy,
Jr., etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 950, Misc. Richard E. Smiley, petitioner, v. Harry Pregerson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 954, Misc. Carl Edmund Owens, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent, California Men's Colony. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 955, Misc. Charles Burchfield, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 957, Misc. Eleanore J. Evans, petitioner, v. United States Vet-
erans Administration Hospital, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 958, Misc. Lehman Silas Elliott, petitioner, v. Alabama. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 961, Misc. Irwin W. Anderten, petitioner, v. Don R. Erickson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Dakota denied.
No. 962, Misc. Kevin Akin, by his next friend, Virginia Akin, pe-
titioner, v. Board of Education of Riverside Unified School District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 965, Misc. Alvera M. Aldabe, petitioner, v. Charles D. Aldabe.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 970, Misc. Sherman Bickman, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
181
No. 972, Misc. Moses Pipkin, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 974, Misc. John Michael Carter, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 975, Misc. Otis Eugene Peele, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 983, Misc. Norfleet Sawyer, petitioner, v. Department of Cor-
rection et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 989, Misc. William S. Williamson, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third
Appellete District, denied.
No. 1000, Misc. Sam Hatcher, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1002, Misc. Frederick Rupert Chandler, petitioner, v. Califor-
nia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 1007, Misc. Thomas Vacca, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field, Su-
perintendent, California Men's Colony. Petition for writ for certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1008, Misc. Joseph Schiavoni, Administrator, petitioner v.
Honus Wagner Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1009, Misc. Arthur J. Nathaniel, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Brazoria County, Texas,
23rd Judicial District, denied.
No. 1011, Misc. Jesse G. Argo, petitioner, v. C. M. Simpson, Ward-
en. Petition for writ of certioari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1012, Misc. Edward Donald Kroll, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1013, Misc. Roberto Perez, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1016, Misc. Frank Brown, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1017, Misc. Eugene Klechka, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
write of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas, denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
182
No. 1025, Misc. Joseph Grant, Jr., petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California, denied.
No. 1028, Misc. Bobby L. Mayberry, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey,
denied.
No. 397, Misc. Joe M. Prendez, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, denied. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr.
Justice Stewart are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted,
judgment vacated and case remanded for further consideration in light
of Peyton v. Rowe, 391 U.S. 54.
No. 422, Misc. Darold Forney, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska, denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 572, Misc. John McWilliams, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion to remand and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, denied. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion and
petition.
No. 743, Misc. Robert Gray, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit, denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 884, Misc. Gerard Cachoian, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion for leave to supplement petition granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion and petition.
No. 924, Misc. John Cunningham, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1005, Misc. William S. Alloway, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman et al;
No. 1044, Misc. Charles William McCarthy, petitioner, v. North
Carolina;
No. 1058, Misc. Joseph B. Montalbano, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent, California Men's Colony;
No. 1063, Misc. Francis M. Cupp, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden;

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
183
No. 1071, Misc. Charles F. Schwamb, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden, et al.;
No. 1081, Misc. William Spencer Berry, petitioner, v. C. J. Fitzhar-
ris, Warden;
No. 1083, Misc. Billie Doyle Pippin, petitioner, v. O. G. Blackwell,
Warden;
No. 1092, Misc. Glenn R. Bryant, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden;
No. 1101, Misc. Thomas W. Schmitt, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden;
No. 1102, Misc. Joe James Archuleta, petitioner, v. John W. Tur-
ner, Warden, and
No. 1125, Misc. Stephen P. Childress, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1029, Misc. Henry Glenn Westendorf, petitioner, v. Wayne K.
Patterson, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1021, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Tom Adams, Secretary of
State, et al.; and
No. 1049, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. The Florida Public Service
Commission. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 977, Misc. Eusebius J. Biggs, petitioner, v. Justices of the Su-
preme Court of Illinois. Motion for leave to file for writ of mandamus
and for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 131. Carmine Vincent Palmieri, petitioner, v. Florida;
No. 423. Anthony Baratta, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 443. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Bessemer and Lake Erie Railroad Company et al.;
No. 519. Marvin Hayutin, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 521. Dorris E. Dreyfus, petitioner, v. Michael Reese Hospital
and Medical Center;
No. 560. Arnold Constable Corporation, petitioner, v. Eudowood
Shopping Center, Inc.;
No. 567. Leon Nash, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 36, Misc. Leonard Thomas King, petitioner, v. Tennessee;

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
184
No. 62, Misc. Verlon Hershel Ussery et al., petitioners v. United
States;
No. 521, Misc. Felice Paul Failla, petitioner, v. California et al.;
No. 704, Misc. Salvador S. Perez, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden; and
No. 740, Misc. John F. Beltowski, petitioner, v. Minnesota. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 16. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al.,
appellants, v. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company et
al.; and
No. 18. Robert N. Hardin, Prosecuting Attorney for the Seventh
Judicial Circuit of Arkansas, et al., appellants, v. Chicago, Rock Is-
land and Pacific Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 558. James M. Pennington et al., petitioners, v. United Mine
Workers of America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 374. James A. Totton, d/b/a Totton and Dunn Company, peti-
tioner, v. Local 43 of United Association of Journeymen and Appren-
tices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United States
and Canada;
No. 394. Cullen Huckaby, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 576. Cullen Huckaby, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 472. Bernard S. Garrett and Joseph B. Morris, petitioners, v.
United States; and
No. 692, Misc. Charles H. Creighbaum, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke. Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing de-
nied.
No. 568. Howard B. Quinn, petitioner, v. United States. Petition.
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 30. James C. Kirkpatrick, Secretary of State of Missouri, et al.,
appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.; and
No. 31. F. V. Heinkel et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.
Argued by Mr. Thomas J. Downey and Mr. David Collins for the ap-
pellants and by Mr. Irving Achtenberg for the appellees.
No. 238. David I. Wells, appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller, as
Governor of the State of New York, et al. Argued by Mr. Robert B.
McKay for the appellant and by Mr. George D. Zuckerman for the
appellees.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1969
185
No. 269. Lester Gunn et al., appellants, v. University Committee to
End the War in Viet Nam et al. Argument commenced by Mr. David
W. Louisell for the appellants and continued by Mr. Sam Houston
Clinton, Jr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 14, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
269, 273, 158, 172, and 293.
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1969
186
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Paul Anthony Tucker, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W.
Yarborough; Robert Christian Eckhardt, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Charles L. Black, Jr.; Jack N. Turoff, of Cleveland, Ohio, and
Robert S. Turoff, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A.
Vanik; Daniel Martin Head, of Washington, D.C., and Philip E.
Henderson, of Houma, La., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Pledger, Jr.;
Nolan Sklute, of Newburgh, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter E. Lewis;
Thomas J. Klitgaard, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Richard J. MacLaury; Gunter von Conrad, of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mr. James D. Williams, Jr.; John Edward Eidam, of
Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Paul O. Ritter; Harding A. Orren,
of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Ronald A. Jacks; Gary C. Randall,
of Bellevue, Wash., on motion of Mr. Lincoln Arnold; Andrew G.
Kuttner, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ronnie A. Yoder;
William R. Flora, of Presque Isle, Me., on motion of Mr. Alan S.
Ward; Floyd Edmund Boline, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr.
John A. Cochrane; Joel Ibert Keiler, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Allen G. Siegel; Henry Crowell Chappell, Jr., of Union Springs,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Dennis R. Hunt; James J. Morrissey, Jr., of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Andrew J. Kilcarr; Kendall L.
Manock, of Fresno, Calif., on motion of Mr. Karl D. Loos; Bertrand H.
Weidberg, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Stewart
Weidberg; and James T. Edmunds, of Kenbridge, Va., on motion of
Mr. James E. Palmer, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 27. United States, appellant, v. Container Corporation of
America et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Middle District of North Carolina. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Middle District
of North Carolina for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
340-278-69-46

TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1969
187
Marshall with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart
join.
No. 45. United States, petitioner, v. Richard G. Augenblick et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgments
reversed and case remanded to the United States Court of Claims
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 38. James G. Glover et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Alabama for trial. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 269. Lester Gunn et al., appellants, v. University Committee to
End the War in Viet Nam et al. Argument continued by Mr. Sam
Houston Clinton, Jr., for the appellees and concluded by Mr. David W.
Louisell for the appellants.
No. 273. Russell Scofield et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board et al. One hour and forty minutes allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argued by Mr. James Urdan for the petitioners and by Mr.
Norton J. Come and Mr. John Silard for the respondents.
No. 158. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
John P. O'Connell, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold B. Elkind for
the petitioners and by Mr. Lee Leibik for the respondents.
No. 172. Elmer L. Dirks, Individually and as General Chairman
of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, et al., petitioners, v. W. L.
Birkholz et al. Argued by Mr. David L. Uelmen for the petitioners
and by Mr. Lee Leibik for the respondents. Memorandum for respond-
ents to come.
No. 293. Robert Eli Stanley, appellant, v. Georgia. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Wesley R. Asinof for the appellant and continued by
Mr. J. Robert Sparks for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 15, 1968, will be as follows:
Nos. 293, 243, 280, 291, and 376.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1969
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Abraham Kazen, Jr., of Laredo, Tex., Wallace Dean Henderson, of
San Antonio, Tex., Lee C. White, of Omaha, Nebr., and Murray Co-
marow, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Attorney General
William Ramsey Clark; Vernon Carroll Webb, of Tallahassee, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Wm. Matthew
Byrne, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Chris-
topher; J. Hugh Aaron, of Yakima, Wash., on motion of Mr. Thomas
Stephen Foley; Paul McCambridge of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
William Leavenworth Colby; John W. Hough, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Ben C. Fisher; George A. Wilkinson, Jr., of Hyatts-
ville, Md., on motion of Mr. Cullen B. Jones, Jr.; Mark Wells White,
Jr., of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. John N. Papajohn; Glen B.
Hardymon, of Charlotte, N.C., on motion of Mr. John Edward Thorn-
ton; Gerald A. Connell, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Charles
D. Mahaffie, Jr.; and John A. Craig, of Hawthorne, N.Y., and
Thomas E. Tyre, of Ossining, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert J. Casey,
were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 61. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
strong, d/b/a Strong Roofing & Insulating Co. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the reversal of
the Court of Appeals' judgment, but he would direct that the case be
☐ remanded to the Board for it to determine whether to submit to arbi-
tration in accord with the contract. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 293. Robert Eli Stanley, appellant, v. Georgia. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. J. Robert Sparks for the appellee and concluded by Mr.
Wesley R. Asinof for the appellant.
340-278-69-47

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1969
189
No. 243. Citizen Publishing Company et al., appellants, v. United
States. Argued by Mr. Richard J. MacLaury for the appellants and
by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the appellee.
No. 280. United States, petitioner, v. Skelly Oil Company. Argued
by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for the petitioner and by Mr.
Robert J. Casey for the respondent.
No. 291. Federal Marine Terminals, Inc., petitioner, v. Burnside
Shipping Company, Limited. Argued by Mr. John W. Hough for
the petitioner and by Mr. Paul McCambridge for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 16, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 376, 258 62, and 370.
Х

THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1969
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James Warren Walsh, of Orinda, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jerome
Russell Waldie; Patricia Smith, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ira Kenneth
Reiner, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Joseph L. Graves, of Monterey
Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Wade Videtto Mal-
lard, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Peter L. Strauss; Robert
Allen Sedler, of Lexington, Va., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; Albert
G. Marriott, of Export, Pa., on motion of Mr. John D. Nies; Martin
H. Freeman, of Upper Marlboro, Md., on motion of Mr. Jerrold V.
Powers; Kenneth L. Marple, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr.
Charles K. Chaplin; James W. Salter, of Newton, Ga., on motion of
Mr. R. Edwin Brady: Alan H. Levine, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel; and John C. Bresnahan, of Lawrence,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Richard S. Sullivan, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 376. Dunbar-Stanley Studios, Inc., appellant, v. Alabama.
Argued by Mr. J. Edward Thornton for the appellant and by Mr.
William H. Burton for the appellee.
No. 258. Morris H. Kramer, appellant, v. Union Free School Dis-
trict No. 15 et al. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the appellant
and by Mr. John P. Jehu for the appellees. Memoranda to come.
No. 62. Thomas R. Kaiser, petitioner, v. New York. Leave granted
Mr. Henry J. Boitel to appear and present oral argument for the
petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Peter L. F. Sabbatino.
Argued by Mr. Peter L. S. Sabbatino for the petitioner, by Mr. Henry
J. Boitel for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and
by Mr. William Cahn for the respondent.
No. 370. Elliott Golden, as District Attorney of the County of
Kings, appellant, v. Sanford Zwickler. Argued by Mr. Samuel A.
Hirshowitz for the appellant and by Mr. Emanuel Redfield for the
appellee.
10
Adjourned until Monday, January 20, 1969, at 1 o'clock.
☑
340-278-69-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
William H. Dentzel, of Los Angeles, Calif., Richard Upson Harker,
of Los Angeles, Calif., Marvin B. Woods, of Lakeland, Fla., J. Mason
Wines, of Auburndale, Fla., and Hubert David Patty, of Maryville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; and
Henry L. Gilliam, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Crouch,
were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 63. Nellie Hunter, appellant, v. Edward O. Erickson, Mayor
of the City of Akron, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ohio
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 198. Richard M. Smith, petitioner, v. Fred M. Hooey, Judge
Criminal District Court of Harris County, Texas. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Texas. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Texas for further proceedings not inconsist-
ent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr.
Justice Black concurs in the opinion and judgment of the Court, but
he would make it absolutely clear to the Supreme Court of Texas that
so far as the federal constitutional question is concerned its judgment
is set aside only for the purpose of giving the petitioner a trial, and
that if a trial is given the case should be dismissed. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 73. Robert Newton Gardner, Jr., petitioner, v. California. On
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California, County of San
Luis Obispo. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Superior
Court of California, County of San Luis Obispo, for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the judgment of re-
versal and all of the Court's opinion except the part which appears
on page 4. He is of the opinion that, as stated in Griffin v. Illinois, 351
340-278-69-49

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
192
U.S. 12, there may be no necessity for a full stenographic transcript
in California habeas corpus cases, and for that reason would not
automatically require the State to supply one in cases like this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 478. Jeremiah Stamler and Yolanda F. Hall, appellants, v.
Edwin E. Willis et al.; and
No. 479. Milton M. Cohen, appellant, v. Edwin E. Willis et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois. Petition for rehearing denied. Motion to amend judg-
ment entered on November 25, 1968, dismissing appeals granted. Judg-
ment dismissing appeals vacated and new judgment will issue pro-
viding that judgment below be vacated and cases remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois so
that it may enter a fresh decree from which timely appeals may be
taken to the Court of Appeals. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Mar-
shall took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 496. Maria Gorun et al., appellants, v. Victor H. Fall, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Montana. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Fortas concur.
No. 596. Allen Dahl et al., appellants, v. The Republican State
Committee et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Western District of Washington. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Western District
of Washington for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Mr.
Justice Harlan, believing that jurisdiction lies in this Court, would
affirm the judgment below.
No. 726. Frank Sutton, on behalf of himself and others similarly
situated, appellant, v. Tom Adams, as Secretary of State of Florida,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Harlan would note probable
jurisdiction and set the case for oral argument.
No. 731. Alabama State Teachers Association et al., appellants, v.
Alabama Public School and College Authority et al. Appeal from the

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
193
United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama.
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Dissenting opinon by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 734. Alaska et al., appellants, v. International Union of Oper-
ating Engineers, Local 302, AFL-CIO, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for this District of Alaska. The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 740. Standard Fruit and Steamship Company, appellant, v.
United Fruit Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The motions to dismiss
are granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 741. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., Comptroller of the State of Flor-
ida, appellant, v. The First National Bank of Homestead; Homestead,
Florida, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Florida. The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Stewart is
of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted. Mr. Justice
Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 773. Joseph A. F. Valenti, appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller,
Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Western District of New York. The mo-
tion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 852. George Backer, etc., appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller,
Governor of the State of New York. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. The motion to
affirm granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 854. Randolph Phillips et al., appellants, v. Nelson A. Rocke-
feller, Governor, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 580. George Samuels et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al.; and
No. 813. Fred Fernandez, appellant, v. Thomas J. Mackell, Dis-
trict Attorney, et al. The joint motion of the appellants to enlarge the
time for oral argument of these consolidated cases is granted and fif-
teen additional minutes are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the
appellees are likewise allotted fifteen additional minutes for oral
argument.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
194
No. 582. Continental Casualty Company et al., appellants, v. The
Robertson Lumber Company. The Solicitor General is invited to file
a brief in this case expressing the views of the United States.
No. 670. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. California. The motion of the
respondent to dispense with printing the record is denied.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 791. Ronald L. Crane, petitioner, v. Cedar Rapids and Iowa
City Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Iowa granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 830. Dale E. Noyd, petitioner, v. Charles R. Bond, Jr., etc., et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar. The stay heretofore granted by Mr. Justice Douglas shall
remain in effect pending the issuance of the judgment of this Court
or until further order of this Court.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 161. Choctaw Nation and Chickasaw Nation, petitioners, v. The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 542. Alvin L. Dugas, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 712. International Association of Machinists, petitioner, v.
Vincent P. Brady;
No. 713. Trans World Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Vincent P.
Brady; and
No. 735. Vincent P. Brady, petitioner, v. Trans World Airlines,
Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 757. Freddie Joe Welch and Paul L. Tugwell, petitioners, v.
Gerald B. Leavey, Deputy Commissioner, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 758. John Langenbacher Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 759. Intertype Company, a Division of Harris-Intertype Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
195
No. 761. Melvin F. Beaty, etc., et al., petitioners, v. M. S. Steel
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Harry R. Lea and Roslyn T. Lea, co-partners, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Consolidated Sun Ray, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 767. Delta Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 768. Croll-Reynolds Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Perini-
Leavell-Jones-Vinell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 769. City of Amarillo, Amarillo Independent School District,
et al., petitioners, v. W. S. Eakens et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 771. Chester Orsini, petitioner, v. Frederick Reincke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 774. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et
al., petitioners, v. Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 775. Harry Brown, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 779. Willie Gray Garrison, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama denied.
No. 786. Wilcox Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Jeffrey
Galion Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 789. Eleanor B. Snyder et al., petitioners, v. City of Boulder,
Colorado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 559. California, petitioner, v. Edwin C. S. Johnson. Motion to
dispense with printing respondent's brief granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice
Stewart is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 760. Joseph John Hession et ux., petitioners, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
340-278-69-50

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
196
No. 762. J. P. Kimbrell, petitioner, v. The Lawrence County Bar
Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 763. Bernhard Rosee, petitioner, v. Board of Trade of the City
of Chicago et al. Motion to dispense with printing portions of appendix
denied. Motion to amend petition granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 764. Bardish G. Morse et al., petitioners, v. Charles B. Boswell,
Commanding Officer, Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 781. Robert F. Urbano, petitioner, v. The Reader's Digest Asso-
ciation, Inc. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 782. Ardell Lee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 785. Cheng Fu Sheng and Lin Fu Mei, petitioners, v. United
States Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 787. The Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flat-
head Reservation, Montana, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied. The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Brennan are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 788. Knickerbocker Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Patri-
cia Faison et al. Motion of Motor Vehicle Accident Indemnification
Corporation for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 431, Misc. Alfred Gonzales, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 502, Misc. Chester Erb, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 522, Misc. Billy Wayne Butcher, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 570, Misc. David Kast et al., petitioners, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California. County of San Francisco. denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
197
No. 634, Misc. Billie Thomas Adams, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 662, Misc. James Millard Jones, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 686, Misc. Edward McIntyre, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 745, Misc. Jack Lesley Marson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 799, Misc. Kenneth Beardsley, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 834, Misc. John L. Barringer, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 855, Misc. William G. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 858, Misc. Fernando M. Flores, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 887, Misc. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 894, Misc. Coe Kane, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 905, Misc. Clyde Montgomery and Nyles Montgomery, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 919, Misc. Erwin Horman, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 923, Misc. Norman G. Bernier, petitioner, v. Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 926, Misc. John Cunningham, petitioner, v. Harold W. Fol-
lette, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 934, Misc. Kenneth Phillips, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
198
No. 940, Misc. Clarence Coleman, petitioner, v. Ernest Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 949, Misc. Milton Howard, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 951, Misc. Antranik Paroutian, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 969, Misc. Robert J. Goodman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 976, Misc. Leo J. Murray, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 990, Misc. William B. McDonald, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 998, Misc. Gordon Jay Thompson, petitioner, v. Jacob J. Par-
ker, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1020, Misc. Alexander Joseph Muszalski, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 1032, Misc. Joe David Murray, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa denied.
No. 1035, Misc. Frank J. Leaver, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 1036, Misc. Kenneth G. Super, petitioner, v. Howard D. Yea-
ger, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1047, Misc. William McNeill, petitioner, v. State Use Indus-
tries, Automobile Registration Department. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1128, Misc. Willie P. Quarles, petitioner, v. United States At-
torney General, Ramsey Clark, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1130, Misc. Cruz Ramirez, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1969
199
No. 798, Misc. Douglas Cecil Johnson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1118, Misc. Willard Wilson Wood, petitioner, v. Olin G.
Blackwell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1014, Misc. Norman John Hendrix, petitioner, v. O. G. Black-
well, Warden;
No. 1129, Misc. Harry D. Smith, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page, et al.;
No. 1132, Misc. Ronald Arthur Fossum, petitioner, v. Jack D.
Porter, Sheriff; and
No. 1168, Misc. Robert Galloway White, petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 442. Marvin K. Swofford et al., d/b/a The Pathfinder Com-
pany, petitioners, v. B & W, Inc.;
No. 223, Misc. Leroy George Mendez, petitioner, v. California;
No. 711, Misc. John Otis Sumrall, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 778, Misc. Clayton Gilbert Knepfler, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 787, Misc. John Stephen Willard, Sr., petitioner, v. Florida;
and
No. 861, Misc. John C. Bennett, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Pe-
titions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 27, 1969, until
Monday, February 24, 1969.
The Court adjourned for the purpose of attending the inauguration
of the President of the United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 21, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
647, 109, and 117.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1969
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Burton J. Stanley, of Sacramento, Calif., Ronald K. Cacciatore, of
Tampa, Fla., Edward C. Vining, Jr., of Miami, Fla., William Lane
Bruce, of Cambridge, Mass., and Richard Henry Pershan, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold;
Gary R. Landau, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Charles Thomas Gleason,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke; David Eugene
Waddell, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William Saxbe; Richard
E. Mueting, of Norfolk, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Roman L. Hruska;
Monte G. Basbas, of Newton, Mass., on motion of Mrs. Margaret M.
Heckler; Davis W. Duke, Jr., of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of
Mr. J. Herbert Burke; Gerrit Henry Wormhoudt, of Wichita, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Garner E. Shriver; Robert L. Dalmbert, of Colum-
bus, Ind., on motion of Mr. Andrew Jacobs, Jr.; David George Clark,
of North Canton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frank T. Bow; Edmund
Etchison Woodley, of Lake Charles, La., on motion of Mr. Edwin W.
Edwards; Richard D. Bray, of Martinsville, Ind., and James H.
Ferguson, of Bloomington, Ind., on motion of Mr. William G. Bray;
Peter R. Liebschutz, of Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Barber B.
Conable, Jr.; Thomas DeLancey Wood, of Miami, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Donald D. Chapman; James Duncan Campbell, Jr., of Camp
Hill, Pa., on motion of Mr. Michael A. Brown; Philip A. Ryan, of
Kensington, Md., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski.
Gilbert A. Haddad, of Miami, Fla., and L. Norton Preddy, of Mi-
ami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Wallace T. Ward; Cicero Garner, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga., and James Clinkscales Hill, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Daryal A. Myse; Romae Turner Powell, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Wiley A. Branton; Frank H. Wilcox, of Arlington, Va.,
on motion of Mr. William E. Burkhalter; Nathaniel Jay Friedman,
of Los Angeles, Calif., and Marco Joseph Muscarello, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. John Juergensmeyer; Igor I. Sikorsky, Jr., of Hart-
ford, Conn., on motion of Mr. H. S. Dunn, Jr.; Joseph Anthony Sapip,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George Spiros; James Louis
Zemelman, of St. Louis, Mo., and Charles Alan Seigel, of St. Louis,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Hyman G. Stein; Richard E. Cook, of Arkansas
340-278-69-51

TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1969
201
City, Kans., on motion of Mr. William Robert Martin; John E. Nor-
ris, of Lake City, Fla., and Stanley E. Neely, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. A. Yates Dowell, Jr.; Thomas A. Brown, of Hartford City,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Belden Hill Bell; Thomas H. Mahan, of Hel-
ena, Mont., on motion of Mr. Richmond F. Allen; Charles W. Havens
III, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Warnke; James
LiBrize, of Niagara Falls, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Russell A. Rourke;
Dupree D. Davis, of East St. Louis, Ill., on motion of Mr. Billy Jones;
Walter Robert Baron, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles C.
Moore, Jr.; Sheldon P. Schuman, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr.
E. L. Koepenick; Carl Lester Cain, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Thurman L. Dodson; and Perry Hubbard, of Tuscaloosa, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. L. Drew Redden, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos,
etc., et al. Two hours and forty minutes allowed for oral argument.
Argued by Mr. Charles Morgan, Jr., for the appellants, by Mr. Louis
F. Claiborne for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court, by Mr. L. Drew Redden for the appellees and by Mr. Perry
Hubbard for appellee, Judge James Dennis Herndon.
No. 109. Margaret E. Snyder, petitioner, v. Charles Harris and
Earl Kirchhoff. Argued by Mr. Charles Alan Seigel for the petitioner
and by Mr. James L. Zemelman for the respondents.
No. 117. The Gas Service Company, petitioner, v. Otto R. Coburn,
etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Gerrit H. Wormhoudt for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 22, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 117, 49, and 156.
✓

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1969
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Wayne T. Stratton, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Robert J.
Dole; William Emmerson Johnson, of Madison, Wisc., on motion of
Mr. Robert W. Kastenmeier; Rodney R. Buck, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Roger Robb; John W. Castles 3d, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. David C. Acheson; Jack Gage Banner, of Wichita
Falls, Tex., on motion of Mr. Eugene Gressman; Dorian Bowman, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Markham Mall; Robert
Thompson Moore, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Stephen John
Pollak; Jeffrey Cuin Taylor, of Decatur, Ill., and John Thornton
Taylor, of Decatur, Ill., on motion of Mr. John S. Martin; Charles
W. Kenady, of San Francisco, Calif., and R. Barry Churton, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard Hildreth; Mary Virginia
Wenzel, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Wilson M. Matthews;
James H. Marsh, Jr., of Washington, D.C., and Kenneth E. Payne, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Albert John Santorelli; Jerome
Joseph Seidenman, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Lewis Jacobs;
Dwight Marshall Simmons, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ray-
mond R. Dickey; Paul Ludwig Bradshaw, of Springfield, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Eugene T. Liipfert; Joseph V. Giffin, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. John T. Chadwell; Peter Richard Andre, of San Luis
Obispo, Calif., on motion of Mr. E. Tillman Stirling; and Samuel C.
Cantor, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John K. Mallory, Jr.,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 117. The Gas Service Company, petitioner, v. Otto R. Coburn,
etc. Argument continued by Mr. Gerrit H. Wormhoudt for the peti-
tioner and concluded by Mr. Robert Martin for the respondent.
No. 49. Zenith Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Re-
search, Inc., et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by
Mr. Thomas C. McConnell for the petitioner and by Mr. John T.
Chadwell and Mr. Victor P. Kayser for the respondents.
340-273-69-52

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1969
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
203
The day call for Thursday, January 23, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 156, 306, 646, and 343.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1969
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John H. Tappan, of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. William Jack-
son Edwards; Katheleen Koehler Haase, of Columbus, Ohio, and
Waldemar Haase, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Chalmers P.
Wylie; Francis W. Dunn, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr.
Irwin E. Blum; John J. Adams, of McLean, Va., Waller H. Horsley,
of Richmond, Va., and William Luke Witt, of Richmond, Va., on
motion of Mr. Gregg R. Potvin; John D. O'Reilly III, of Framingham,
Mass., and Lawrence T. Zimmerman, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Winthrop A. Johns; George Ward Trammell III, of Long
Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. George Ward Trammell, Jr.; Ray
Taylor Marsh, of San Carlos, Calif., on motion of Mr. Wesley A.
Pomeroy; Richard Leslie Horn, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Allan Milledge; Peter Christian Andresen, of Kensington, Md., on
motion of Mr. William H. Matthews, Jr.; Stanford Robins, of St.
Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher; Gerald M. Singer,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. John A. Cochrane; Howard
Scott Reiter, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Ernest Fanwick;
Don K. Harness, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. John W. Malley;
Roy Rocco Russo, of Springfield, Va., and Ronald A. Siegel, of Arling-
ton, Va., on motion of Mr. Paul Dobin; Albert Fontaine Reutlinger,
of Louisville, Ky., John S. Tennant, of New York, N.Y., and Leroy L.
Lewis, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Macdonald Flinn; and
Julian Falk, of Paramus, N..J., Robert Vincent Sloan, of Kensington,
Md., Robert Edward Smith, of Cranford, N.J., and Robert Nolen
Miller, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Donald E. Zinn, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 156. Clayton S. Kramer, petitioner, v. Caribbean Mills, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Eugene Gressman for the petitioner and by Mr. Dennis
G. Lyons for the respondent.
No. 306. Fortner Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
Steel Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Kenneth L. Anderson for the
petitioner and by Mr. Macdonald Flinn for the respondents.
340-278-69-53

THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1969
205
No. 646. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. J. J. Parker, Warden.
Argued by Mr. Victor Rabinowitz for the petitioner and by Mr. James
van R. Springer for the respondent.
No. 343. United States, petitioner, v. An Article of Drug ***
Bacto-Unidisk ***. Argued by Mr. Lawrence G. Wallace for the
petitioner and by Mr. Edward Brown Williams for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 27, 1969.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
206
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
David A. Brody, of Chevy Chase, Md., John David Carroll, of
Washington, D.C., Frank S. Hills, of San Francisco, Calif., and
Joseph R. Yurgine, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Fried-
man; James L. Lamb, of Grand Forks, N. Dak., on motion of Mr.
Quentin N. Burdick; Hulse Hays, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr.; James R. Nowlin, of San Antonio, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Abraham Kaze, Jr.; Richard T. Murphy, Jr., of New-
ton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski; Robert Patrick
Murphy, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Walter P. North;
I. Alan Lobel, of Boston, Mass., and Martin Lobel, of Boston, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. Will E. Leonard, Jr.; Irving C. Sugarman, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jacob Hagopian; Ruth Borsuk
Rosenberg, of Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Andrew Eustace
Taylor; Leonard H. Thornton, of Miami Springs, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Jerome A. Levinson; Francis Marcarius Lucas, of Austin, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston; Everett C. Headrick, Jr., of
Nashville, Tenn., and Edward Terhune Miller, of Washington, on
motion of Mr. John L. Lasky; Alexander Wentworth Sierck, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joel Hoffman; John R. Baylor, of
Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. William Donnelly, Jr.; Donald
Bradley Southard, of Chicago, Ill., and Keith John Kulie, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. John D. Nies; Philip G. Jupiter, of Albany,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leon Morris Shinberg; Warren Dale Braucher,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Charles Stephen Leonard; Vin-
cent J. Debo, of New York, N.Y., Sanford Holo, of New York, N.Y.,
and Martin J. Linsky, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Matthew
B. O'Donnell, Jr.
Sanford M. Litvack; of New York, N.Y., and Alfred Henry Hod-
dinott, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. James R. Withrow Jr;
Edmund E. Harvey, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. Joseph F.
Healy, Jr.; Howard Schwartz, of Union, N.J., on motion of Mr.
Francis J. Simone; David Carl Baggett, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Robert J. Sutphin; John P. Roche, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Thomas F. Shannon; Robert E. Driscoll, III, of Rapid
340-278-69-54

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
207
City, S. Dak., Franklin J. Wallahan, of Rapid City, S. Dak., and
Manfred R. Wetzel, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Thomas G.
Shack, Jr.; M. Shad Hanna, of Bowling Green, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. George H. Bason, Jr.; and Ralph Berry, of Terre Haute, Ind.,
Thomas A. Berry, of Bloomington, Ind., George F. Daly, of Win-
chester, Ind., Charles Donald Dawson, of Carmel, Ind., Arthur Lingle
Dillard, of Paoli, Ind., Eugene E. Feller, of Corydon, Ind., Carol
E. Grafton, of Frankfort, Ind., Walter P. Helmke, of Fort Wayne,
Ind., Wm. F. Hendren, of Bloomfield, Ind., Charles Rex Henthorn,
of Crawfordsville, Ind., Murphey C. Land, of Vincennes, Ind., William
F. Lawler, Jr., of Anderson, Ind., Verl G. Miller, of Terre Haute,
Ind., Verne Richardson, Jr., of Washington, Ind., William Donald
Richardson, of Petersburg, Ind., Robert L. Schnatter, of Jefferson-
ville, Ind., Jack Richard Shields, of Batesville, Ind., Richard Nelson
Smith, of Connersville, Ind., Wayne L. Tash, of Richmond, Ind.,
James O. Wells, Jr., of Rochester, Ind., Lloyd Whitmer, of Tell City,
Ind., George R. Wildman, of Logansport, Ind., and Herbert Charles
Winans, of Garrett, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke, were
admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 41. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Securities, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Arizona for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Mr. Justice Black, be-
lieving that the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
correctly analyzed the issues in this case and that its judgment is right,
dissents from the Court's reversal of the judgment. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins concurring in
part and dissenting in part.
No. 71. Presbyterian Church in the United States et al., petitioners,
v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Georgia for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 8. William Spinelli, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Mr.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
208
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 44. William Skinner et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Writ dismissed as im-
providently granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall with whom
the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 95. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. The Shaw-
Walker Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court
of Appeals for further consideration in light of United States v. The
Donruss Co., 393 U.S. -, decided January 13, 1969. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 755. Interstate Investors, Inc., appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 790. Provision Salesmen & Distributors Union, Local 627, etc.,
appellant, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of New York. The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Stewart is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should
be noted.
No. 799. The Locust Club of Rochester et al., appellants, v. City of
Rochester et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice White are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted.
No. 752, Misc. Lindsey Stewart, petitioner, v. Chicago Housing Au-
thority. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. Motion of The National Project on Urban Housing Law et al.,
for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois
for further consideration in light of Thorpe v. Housing Authority of

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
209
City of Durham, 393 U.S. —, decided January 13, 1969. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. Further consideration of the respondents' suggestion
of mootness is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 228. James T. Willingham and C. A. Jarvis, petitioners, v.
Daniel Morgan. The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed.
further herein in forma pauperis and for assistance of counsel is
granted. It is ordered that Joseph M. Snee, Esquire, of Washington,
D.C., a member of the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed
to serve as counsel to brief and argue this case in this Court on behalf
of the respondent.
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell
Paul, Jr., etc. James W. Gallman, Esquire, of Fayetteville, Arkansas,
a member of the Bar of this Court, is invited to brief and argue this
case, as amicus curiae, in support of the judgment below.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 705. Joseph Q. Cipriano, appellant, v. City of Houma et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Louisiana. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case
is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 820. Julius V. Phelps, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 211, Misc. James Conway, petitioner, v. California Adult Au-
thority et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 461. Frieda Suffin, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 507. John J. Pyne, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
210
No. 611. James William Moore et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 793. Detroit, Toledo and Ironton Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Diane Lones, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 794. Charles Givens, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 795. Lewis M. Alexander et ux., petitioners, v. Morrison-Knud-
sen Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Colorado denied.
No. 800. Sidney L. Irwin et al., petitioners, v. Bob Clark, dba Oil-
field Vacuum Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 801. Joanne Hirschfield et al., petitioners, v. Edward J. Bar-
rett, County Clerk of Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 802. The Black and Decker Manufacturing Company, peti-
titioner, v. The Porter-Cable Machine Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 803. First National Bank in Anoka, petitioner, v. Edward R.
Kenneally, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
State Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 805. Robert L. Hicks, petitioner, v. Clifford H. Hardin, Sec-
retary of Agriculture of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 806. Wayne Knitting Mills et al., petitioners, v. Russell Hosiery
Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 807. City of West Allis et al., petitioners, v. County of Mil-
waukee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin denied.
No. 808. International Terminal Operating Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
Aaron Alexander et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 809. J. Howard Arnold, petitioner, v. Frances K. Arnold. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 810. Harry Conrad Myers, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Abel K.
Harris. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District, denied.
340-278-69-55

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
211
No. 812. Herbert Donald Hill, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 815. The Ohio Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 816. United States Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. Jan Ronald
Guy et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 817. William A. Brown et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 818. Louis S. Nelson, Warden, et al., petitioners, v. Willie C.
Coleman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 819. Magnesium Casting Co., petitioner, v. Albert J. Hoban,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 796. The Dredge Corporation, petitioner, v. J. Russell Penny,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 804. Roger Schulter, petitioner, v. Leonard F. Roraff, Judge.
Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 811. Josephine Miskunas, petitioner, v. Union Carbide Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. The Chief Justice, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Justice Fortas are of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 292, Misc. Joyce Robinson, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certoriari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 337, Misc. Valentine Antonio Negron, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 449, Misc. Frank Macias and Gene T. Webb, petitioners, v.
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 524, Misc. Bruce Wyatt Cassasa, petititoner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
212
No. 541, Misc. Alexander McAllister, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 543, Misc. Melvin R. Roots, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 618, Misc. David Tyler, petitioner, v. Daniel McMann, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 667, Misc. Thomas William Hale, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 699, Misc. Ernest Stuckey, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 710, Misc. Ronnie Willock, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 715, Misc. Jessie G. Argo, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 793, Misc. Ralph H. Ingenito, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 797, Misc. Robert Clayton Buick, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 801, Misc. Roosevelt J. Corbbins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 812, Misc. Charles A. Harling, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 847, Misc. Leslie C. Bostick, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 859, Misc. Johnnie Clifford McDowell, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 939, Misc. Patrick J. O'Shea, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 946, Misc. Rudy V. Chuning, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 953, Misc. Philip J. Langley, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
213
No. 967, Misc. Dale Glennon Wilson and Joseph R. Van Bevers,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 971, Misc. Eugene Lynch, petitioner, v. David R. Landy,
Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of Employees' Compensation, United
States Department of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 985, Misc. William Wilkes, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 987, Misc. Harvey C. Gibson, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 992, Misc. William Francis Kroll, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 997, Misc. John Ramos, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petitioner
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1006, Misc. Alonzo C. Spencer, petitioner, v. Arizona et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1022, Misc. Joseph Horton, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1023, Misc. Freemont Thompson, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 1026, Misc. Charles Ray DuVall, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 1030, Misc. Joel Beverly, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1034, Misc. Chester Allen Palmer, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Third District, denied.
No. 1052, Misc. Bill Ray Boyd, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1053, Misc. Henry Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1054, Misc. Victor Fonseca, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
214
No. 1060, Misc. George W. Bostick, Jr., petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 1061, Misc. Marvin Niles Stubblefield, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1070, Misc. Donnie S. Walker, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1079, Misc. Robert L. Smith, petitioner, v. Anthony Maresca,
United States Marshal, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 571, Misc. Earl Eugene Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Wayne K.
Patterson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 781, Misc. Sylvester Nelloms, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 829, Misc. Louis Charles Sheptin, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 1088, Misc. Leroy Taylor, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied without
prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus in the appro-
priate United States District Court.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1106, Misc. Hal Irwin, petitioner, v. J. L. Downie, Warden,
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1062, Misc. Claude W. Harris, petitioner, v. B. H. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 27, 1969
REHEARINGS DENIED
215
No. 89, Misc. Frank Dvorsky, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 723, Misc. Terrance I. Poston, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, February 24, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 24, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 76, 138, 413, and 418.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John N. Mitchell, of Rye N.Y., Roy C. Cook, of Washington, D.C.,
James A. Strazzella, of Washington, D.C., James H. Nance, of Eau
Gallie, Fla., Harold Seymour Ruttenberg, of Chicago, Ill., William D.
Ruckelshaus, of Indianapolis, Ind., Arthur Stanley Cahn, of Boston,
Mass., J. Mitchell Rosenberg, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Robert Ehrenbard,
of New York, N.Y., Leonard Howard Dickstein, of New York, N.Y.,
David Meredith Irwin, of New York, N.Y., and Milton Joseph Carp,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N.
Griswold; James Dale Dowell, of Beaumont, Tex., and John D.
Rienstra, Jr., of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yar-
borough; Larry Bruce Sitton, of Greensboro, N.C., on motion of Mr.
Samuel J. Ervin, Jr.; John W. Patterson, of Denver, Colo., and Mar-
tin David Kahn, of North Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert R.
Casey Donald W. Fyr, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas F.
Railsback; Earl L. Cole, of Barbourville, Ky., on motion of Mr.
Kenneth H. Tuggle; G. Bernard Fedde, of Portland, Oreg., Howard
M. Feuerstein, of Portland, Oreg., Charles Lee Kobin, of Portland,
Oreg., and Norman B. Kobin, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Wendell Wyatt; Edwin Smith Preston, Jr., of Raleigh, N.C., Myron
Carroll Banks, of Raleigh, N.C., and John Garland Mills III, of
Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays;
James E. Diaz, of Lafayette, La., on motion of Mr. Daniel M.
Friedman; Clifton S. Carl, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Louis Fenner Claiborne; William H. Rehnquist, of Phoenix, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Herman M. Hollander,
of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Irving M. Levine, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Harry S. Wender; James Manahan, of Indianapolis,
Ind., and Dean Edward Richards, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Larry A. Conrad; James E. Blazek, of New Orleans, La., on
motion of Mr. Charles Pledger; Clinton H. Moyer, of Marion, Iowa,
on motion of Mr. David Kammerman; Henry Augustus Collett, of
Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. George A. Williams; Mark J.
Fuhrman, of Pender, Neb., on motion of Mr. Alan D. McArthur;
Thomas S. Lawson, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Oakley
340-278-69- -56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
217
Webster Melton, Jr.; Jerome W. Kelman, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Zwerdling; Middleton P. Ray, Jr., of Little
Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. J. Winston Bryant; Abraham I. Gordon,
of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Hubert B. Pair; Horace
Lidelle Ramsey, of Rome, Ga,. on motion of Mr. Richard E. Turner;
Francis Xavier Dineen, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Leonard Goodman; Gilbert P. Cohen, of Gretna, La., on motion of
Mr. Nathan Greenberg; Armistead F. Clay, of Memphis, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. J. Kenton Chapman; Stanford E. Lerch, of Phoenix,
Ariz., and Saul Alan Wolfe, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr.
Paul G. Rosenblatt; Allan Freidson, of Washington, D. C., and Leo J.
Steffen, Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Reuben Goldberg;
Edward Ira Lack, of Hollywood, Fla., John Chaley Stark, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., and Joe Gentry Roady, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. James Rintoul Treese; and John R. Griffith, of Dayton, Ohio,
Kennedy Legler, Jr., of Dayton, Ohio, Robert J. LeMaitre, of Dayton,
Ohio, and C. Robert Swaninger, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Carl Harkrader, were admitted to practice.
Mr. Solicitor General Griswold presented the Honorable John N.
Mitchell, Attorney General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, the Court welcomes you to the performance
of the important duties which devolve upon you as the chief law officer
of the Government, and as an officer of this Court. Your Commission
will be recorded with the Clerk."
OPINIONS
No. 40. William Joe Johnson, petitioner, v. Harry S. Avery, Com-
missioner of Correction, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Tennessee for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
White with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 21. John F. Tinker and Mary Beth Tinker, minors, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Des Moines Independent Community School District
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
218
United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 91. Serbian Orthodox Church Congregation of St. Demetrius
of Akron, petitioner, v. Vladislav Kelemen et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Petition for writ of certi-
orari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Ohio for further consideration in light of Presbyterian
Church in the United States v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial
Presbyterian Church, 393 U.S. 440. Opinion per curiam.
No. 357. The Maryland and Virginia Eldership of the Churches
of God et al., appellants, v. The Church of God at Sharpsburg, Inc.,
et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Maryland for
further consideration in light of Presbyterian Church in the United
States v. Mary Elizabeth Blue Hull Memorial Presbyterian Church,
393 U.S. 440. Opinion per curiam.
No. 431. Herman W. Becker, appellant, v. Virginia. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 632. Vernon R. Morgan and Robert C. Young, appellants, v.
Board of Forestry of the State of Oregon et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Oregon. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 859. Virginia Cordrey, appellant, v. Lee James Cordrey. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 870. James Michael Foran, appellant, v. John Weinhoff et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
219
of Wisconsin. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 878. Serta Associates, Inc., appellant, v. United States. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart are of
the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the case set
for oral argument. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 883. Baker National Bank, appellant, v. Frances S. Hender-
son, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Montana. The appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
White are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted
and the case set for oral argument.
No. 889. Accident Index Bureau, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Ray-
mond F. Male, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New
Jersey. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 898. The National Industrial Traffic League et al., appellants,
2. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the District of Columbia. The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 914. The New York Central Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Louis J. Lefkowitz, as Attorney General of the State of New
York, et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 933. Claude L. Kohler et al., appellants, v. A. P. Tugwell et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Louisiana. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 57, Misc. Stewart Ray Triplett, petitioner, v. Floyd Circuit
Court et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Indiana. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Indiana for further consideration
in light of Smith v. Hooey, Judge, Criminal District Court of Harris
County, Texas, 393 U.S. 374. Opinion per curiam.
No. 81, Misc. Robert Evert Meeks, petitioner, v. H. R. Flourney,
Sheriff, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Texas. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
220
for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Texas for further consideration in light of
Smith v. Hooey, Judge, Criminal District Court of Harris County,
Texas. 393 U.S. 374. Opinion per curiam.
No. 110, Misc. Raymond K. Duncan, petitioner, v. Indiana. On
petition of for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Indiana for further consideration in light of Smith
v. Hooey, Judge, Criminal Court of Harris County, Texas, 393 U.S.
374. Opinion per curiam.
No. 153, Misc. Olius McCrory, Jr., petitioner, v. Mississippi. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Mississippi for further consideration in light of
Smith v. Hooey, Judge, Criminal District Court of Harris County,
Texas, 393 U.S. 374. Opinion per curiam.
No. 857, Misc. James Bush, appellant, v. United States. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Oregon.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion
per curiam.
.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No.-
Jose Malagon-Ramirez, peitioner, v. United States.
Treating the papers in this case as a petition for a writ of certiorari
and as a motion of counsel to be relieved from perfecting and prose-
cuting the petition, we take no present action on the petition and refer
the motion to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit for considera-
tion and action in the light of what petitioner's counsel refers to as
paragraph 4(c) of the "provisions for the representation on appeal
of defendants financially unable to obtain representation, adopted by
the Judicial Council of the Ninth Circuit, pursuant to the provision
of the Criminal Justice Act of 1964," which is said to require counsel
appointed in the Court of Appeals to file a petition for certiorari “if
requested to do so by the defendant."
-
.
No. Robert Fukumoto, appellant, v. United States. The appli-
cation for bail pending appeal presented to Mr. Justice Black, and
by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. The motion of George Meader for leave to file a
brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 413. North Carolina et al., petitioners, v. Clifton A. Pearce;
and
340-278-69-57

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
221
No. 418. Curtis M. Simpson, Warden, petitioner, v. William S.
Rice. The motion of the American Civil Liberties Union, et al., for
leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 463. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wyman-
Gordon Company. The motion of the respondent to postpone oral
argument is denied.
No. 580. George Samuels et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al.; and
No. 813. Fred Fernandez, appellant, v. Thomas J. Mackell, Dis-
trict Attorney, et al. The motion of appellee, Mackell, to require
certification of additional record is denied.
No. 622. William L. Maxwell, petitioner, v. O. E. Bishop, Super-
intendent, Arkansas State Penitentiary. The motion of the State of
California to remove this case from the summary calendar is granted.
No. 663. John P. Traynor and Jerry C. Oosting, Deputy Commis-
sioners, petitioners, v. William H. Johnson et al. The request of the
petitioners for additional time for oral argument is granted and
twenty additional minutes are allotted for that purpose. The respond-
ents are likewise allotted twenty additional minutes for oral argument.
No. 750. Glenn Martin Harrington, petitioner, v. California. The
motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted,
and it is ordered that Roger S. Hanson, Esquire, of Woodland Hills,
California, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the
petitioner in this case.
No. 894. Edward H. Weitzen et al., petitioners, v. Charles Heit
et al. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the
views of the United States.
No. 269, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Sol Rothbard.
It having been reported to the Court that Sol Rothbard of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, has been disbarred from the practice of
law by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit, duly entered on the 18th day of April, 1968, and this Court
by order of May 20, 1968, having suspended the said Sol Rothbard from
the practice of law in this Court and directing that a rule issue re-
quiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon
the respondent, and that the time within which to file a return to the
rule has expired;
It is ordered that the said Sol Rothbard be, and he is hereby dis-
barred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be
stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar
of this Court.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
222
No. 993, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Edith Fischer
Lichota. Edith Fischer Lichota, of Twinsburg, Ohio, having re-
signed as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that her
name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in
this Court. The rule to show cause heretofore issued is discharged.
Appeals―JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 662. Clarence DeBacker, appellant, v. Homer Brainard, Sheriff
of Dodge County, Nebraska. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Nebraska. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 829. A. L. Dutton, Warden, appellant, v. Alex S. Evans. Ap-
peal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. In
this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 842. Calvin Turner et al., appellants, v. W. W. Fouche et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Georgia. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 921. Paul M. Brockington, appellant, v. James A. Rhodes,
Governor of Ohio, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. In
this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 899. United States, appellant, v. Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al.;
No. 942. Charles E. Brundage et al., appellants, v. United States
et al.;
No. 999. City of Auburn, appellant, v. United States et al.; and
No. 1003. Livingston Anti-Merger Committee, appellant, v. Inter-
state Commerce Commission et al. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. In these cases probable
jurisdiction noted. Cases consolidated and a total of four hours is
alloted for oral argument for these appeals and any other appeal
taken from the same judgment as to which jurisdiction may here-
after be noted. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this matter.
No. 828, Misc. Gloria Cavitt, appellant, v. Nebraska. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Nebraska. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. In this case probable jurisdiction noted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
CERTIORARI GRANTED
223
No. 130. Christine Sniadach, petitioner, v. Family Finance Corpo-
ration of Bay View et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 934. Hugh Bryson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
write of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 777. The First National Bank in Plant City, Plant City,
Florida, petitioner, v. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., etc., et al.; and
No. 932. William B. Camp, Comptroller of the Currency, peti-
tioner, v. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., etc., et al. Motion of The First
National Bank of Cornelia, Georgia, et al., for leave to file a brief,
as amici curiae. granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Cases consoli-
dated and a total of one hour alloted for oral argument. Mr. Justice
Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion
and petitions.
No. 409, Misc. Willie Wade, Jr., petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket
and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 77. John Holland et al., petitioners, v. The Lucas County
Board of Elections et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 262. Joseph Naples, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 372. California, petitioner, v. Gerald Sesslin. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 432. Julian Perez, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 562. Ralph Richard Benson, petitioner, v. Leland C. Carter,
Probation Officer of Los Angeles County, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 650. Claude W. Martin, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
224
No. 673. Robert J. Brocker, petitioner, v. Mary Ann Brocker. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 753. Lynn Porter, petitioner, v. South Carolina. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 778. Frank Kent, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 783. D.C. Transit System, Inc., petitioner, v. Richard A.
Williams et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 824. Owen F. Lyons et al., petitioners, v. John F. X. Davoren,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 826. Donald J. Mariani, petitioner, v. James T. Foley, United
States District Judge for the Northern District of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 827. Malcolm L. Pines, petitioner, v. Samuel Zemurray et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 828. Martin Sternback, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 833. William M. Loker, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 835. D. H. Overmyer Warehouse Co., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Florida Steel Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District, denied.
No. 840. Milton Hecht, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 843. Lee Roy Leach, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 845. Nadine Scott, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 847. William I. Landwer, petitioner, v. Village of North Bar-
rington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, Second District, denied..
No. 848. Hal Hall et ux., petitioners, v. Paul J. Bleisch et ux. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
340-278-69-58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
225
No. 850. Robert G. Funseth, petitioner, v. Great Northern Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 855. George Ullman and Joe Simon, petitioners, v. Kyle Z.
Grainger, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 856. Exchange National Bank of Chicago, petitioner, v. Homer
A. Bonhiver, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 858. John Moore, trading and doing business as Moore's Bar-
beque Restaurant, petitioner, v. E. W. Wooten et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 860. Lewron Television, Inc., petitioner, v. D. H. Overmyer
Leasing Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 863. Albert A. Raby, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 864. City of Highland Park, etc., petitioner, v. Vito Fiore and
Della Fiore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, Second District, denied.
No. 865. Edward J. Byczynski et ux., petitioners, v. New York
Central Development Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Third District, denied.
No. 866. Allen N. Brunwasser, petitioner, v. Albert F. Suave et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 867. Anthony J. Scherer, Jr., petitioner, v. Kenneth Morrow.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 868. John Henry Shoffeitt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 869. F. J. Buckner Corporation dba United Engineering Com-
pany, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 871. Richard Gregory aka Dick Gregory, petitioner, v. Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First
District, denied.
No. 872. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. United Fruit Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
226
No. 873. Ethel M. Beal, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 877. Riley Leon Hughes, petitioner, v. J. Herman Gengler,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 879. Leo Henzel, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District,
denied. MR. JUSTICE FORTAS TOOK NO PART
No. 881. Dayton Food Fair Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 882. Thomas R. Reddy, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 884. Alfred M. Shafter, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 885. Joseph Daniel Holt, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 886. United Jewish Appeal of Greater New York, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Leon Schaefler, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 890. J. B. King, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern Division, denied.
No. 891. A. M. Cohen et ux., petitioners, v. R. C. Bredehoeft, Fire
Marshal of City of Houston, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 903. Bailey's Bakery, Ltd., petitioner, v. Continental Baking
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 905. James H. Morrison, petitioner, v. John R. Rarick. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 907. Pioneer Motor Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Pioneer Trans-
fer & Warehouse Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 909. Elmer Hahn, petitioner, v. Kentucky Alcoholic Beverage
Control Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 910. Henry R. Drent et al., petitioners, v. William A. McKean
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
227
No. 915. Willard Horace Colson, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 918. Harleysville Mutual Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Oscar Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia District, denied.
No. 919. Edith Boardman Cobb et al., petitioners, v. Frank Gra-
ham Johns, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 920. Shirley A. Thomas, etc., et al., petitioners, v. District of
Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 923. Consumers Products of America, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Trade Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 926. Carl Alton Wright and William Johnson Yaughn, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 930. Guy Ellenburg, petitioner, v. A. L. Shepherd et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 936. Ralph J. Festa, petitioner, v. City of Portsmouth. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 943. Louisville and Jefferson County Air Board, petitioner, v.
Curtiss Shipp et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 963. Harry Meyer Katz, petitioner, v. State Board of Medical
Examiners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 966. Joseph Robert Corrigan, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
E. W. Bohren Transport Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 344. Kenneth Jordan Brown, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 587. John Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. Leroy N. Stynchcombe,
Sheriff of Fulton County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Georgia denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 822. William Lyle Boyle, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
228
Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 922. Richard Walter Burton, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 931. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. State Tax Commission of Missouri et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 626. Thomas C. Lynch et al., petitioners, v. Robert O. Gilmore,
Jr., et al. Motion of respondents for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 744. George J. Beto, Director, Texas Department of Correc-
tions, petitioner, v. Leon Spencer. Motion of respondent for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 862. C. C. Peyton, Superintendent of the Virginia State Peni-
tentiary, petitioner. v. Paul M. Gillespie. Motion of respondent for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit Circuit denied.
No. 651. Peter Aaadahl Christofferson et al., petitioners, v. Wash-
ington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with
whom Mr. Justice Marshall joins.
No. 797. Paul E. Sloane et ux., petitioners, v. Robert H. Finch,
Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare. Motion to dispense
with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion and petition.
No. 832. Western Seed Production Corporation, petitioner, v. J. R.
Campbell, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied. Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White are of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 836. Troy V. Post, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 888. Pacific Far East Line, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Pacific
Seafarers, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
340-278-69- -59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
229
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 912. The Imperial Tobacco Company (of Great Britain and
Ireland) Limited, petitioner, v. Philip Morris Incorporated. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this petition.
No. 849. Robert I. Ingalls, Jr., et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 853. Harold Lee Batsell, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 875. Armement Deppe, S. A., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 927. Salvatore Granello, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 941. John A. Cross et al., petitioners, v. S. S. Kaimana, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Jus-
tice Fortas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 284, Misc. Charles Orr, Jr., petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 490, Misc. Frank Soyka, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 500, Misc. Lawrence Metze, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 506, Misc. Eugene Raines, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 507, Misc. James Edward Tolson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
230
No. 553. Misc. Freddie Roach, petitioner, v. G. T. Mauldin, Sheriff,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 625, Misc. Rolando Otero, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 629, Misc. David A. Davis, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 680, Misc. Reuben Velez, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 721, Misc. Angelo Tender et al., petitioners, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 729, Misc. Robert Edward Huson, petitioner, v. Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 733, Misc. Chester L. Oughton, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 790, Misc. Lawrence C. Pope, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Court denied.
No. 826, Misc. James William Stidham, petitioner, v. Harold R.
Swenson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri Denied.
No. 836, Misc. Richard Willis Hulett, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 840, Misc. Frank Macklin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 865, Misc. W. M. Stephens, petitioner, v. Chairman and the
U.S. Railroad Retirement Board, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 912, Misc. John W. Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 936, Misc. Lawrence Ernest Pasta, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 960, Misc. John T. Dirring, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
231
No. 968, Misc. James Magee, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme court of New Jersey denied.
No. 980, Misc. Robert Parker, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 981, Misc. Harold Kaufman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 986, Misc. Herbert C. Hacker, petitioner, v. District Court of
Sedgwick County, Wichita, Kansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 988, Misc. Mervin Carlos McKinney, petitioner, v. John N.
Mitchell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 991, Misc. Bobby Lee Moore, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court or Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 999, Misc. John Antonio Da Costa, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1010, Misc. John Louis Weems, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1019, Misc. Truman Adonis Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1024, Misc. Thomas Castillo, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 1027, Misc. Samuel Goldberg and Sol Teret, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1033, Misc. David Brown, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1038, Misc. James L. Crawford, Sr., petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
denied.
No. 1039, Misc. Edward Newfield, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
232
No. 1040, Misc. George X. Horn, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1041, Misc. Alvin L. Waller, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1042, Misc. Frank A. Tanksley, petitioner, v. Don Bowman,
Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1043, Misc. James Mearl Sharp, petitioner, v. Kansas et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 1046, Misc. Robert Bankston, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 1050, Misc. Steven Elbert Chastain, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 1051, Misc. Roger Maguire, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No.1056, Misc. Gale William Nettles, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Iroquois County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 1057, Misc. Harry William Theriault, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1059, Misc. Charles Richard Cook, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1064, Misc. Raymond Ward Clemmons, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1067, Misc. Willmore Knight, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1068, Misc. Warren Gabriel Huskey, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1073, Misc. Rafael Cancel-Miranda et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1074, Misc. James Donald Brown, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
233
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1075, Misc. Peter D. Bogart and June Bogart, petitioners, v.
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1076, Misc. William L. Trest, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1077, Misc. William Joseph McGurrin, petitioner, v. John
Shovlin, Superintendent, Fairview State Hospital. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1082, Misc. David Dennis, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third
District, denied.
No. 1085, Misc. Robert Gates, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 1087, Misc. Clarence John Dikovics, petitioner, v. District
Court, Jefferson County, Colorado, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1089, Misc. Marion Wilson, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 1090, Misc. Ramon B. Salcido, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California
Fifth Appellate District, denied.
No. 1091, Misc. Anthony Ellsworth Dearinger et al., petitioners,
v. Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 1093, Misc. Calvisi DeJarnette, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1096, Misc. Louis West, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1098, Misc. Lawrence Erskine Taylor, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 1099, Misc. Charles Bates, petitioner, v. Daniel McMann,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
234
No. 1100, Misc. David Lawrence, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Florida Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1103, Misc. Eugene Henry Madison, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 1109, Misc. Calvin Michael Arey and Allen Carroll Pruitt,
petitioners, v. Otis L. Brown, Director, Virginia Department of Wel-
fare and Institutions. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1110, Misc. Chester Campbell, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1111, Misc. Grover C. McDaniel, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1113, Misc. Adolfo Rocha, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1114, Misc. George A. Berry, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1115, Misc. Carl Howard Carter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1116, Misc. Elmo Williams, petitioner, v. H. V. Field, Super-
intendent, California Men's Colony. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1117, Misc. Milton Gilbert, Jr., petitioner, v. J. Edwin LaVal-
lee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1121, Misc. William C. Ingram, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent, California Men's Colony. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1122, Misc. William B. Trigg, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1123, Misc. Victoriano V. Lopez, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1124, Misc. Julius Dwaine Perry, Sr., petitioner, v. Henry
Wade, District Attorney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
235
No. 1126, Misc. Donald A. Morales, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 1127, Misc. Harry Mercer, petitioner, v. Louis J. Amarando,
Clerk, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1134, Misc. Arthur E. Martin, petitioner, v. J. F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1136, Misc. Allan James Berube, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1137, Misc. Marion Gadson, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Second
District, denied.
No. 1139, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1141, Misc. Venson Eugene Williams, petitioner, v. A. L. Dut-
ton, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1142, Misc. Marion Howard Stevenson, petitioner, v. New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 1143, Misc. William G. Holland, petitioner, v. D. J. Sheehy,
Superintendent, Lorton Reformatory, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1144, Misc. Bryant Piledge Long, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1145, Misc. Francis J. Kennett, Jr., petitioner, v. Municipal
Court, Los Angeles Judicial District, County of Los Angeles, Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1147, Misc. William M. Rapp, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1148, Misc. Louis Van Duyne, petitioner, v. Howard Yeager,
Principal Keeper, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
236
No. 1150, Misc. Roberto S. Mercuri, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1151, Misc. John Eugene Whitson, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent of California Men's Colony. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1152, Misc. Furman Posey, petitioner, v. South Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1154, Misc. Richard Alan Darby, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 1155, Misc. Willie Claude Covin, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1156, Misc. Morris Gunner, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Term of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1160, Misc. William J. Newman, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Spe-
cial Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1163, Misc. Robert Lee Pretlow, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1164, Misc. William S. Ellis, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Lyman
T. Harada et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Hawaii denied.
No. 1165, Misc. Jerry S. Diamond, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1166, Misc. John R. Konczak, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1169, Misc. Stephen Conover, petitioner, v. Ross E. Herold,
Director, Dannemora State Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Division. of the Supreme Court of New York, Third
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1176, Misc. Antonio Gonzales Jaimez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
237
No. 1177, Misc. James Kenneth Haney, petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1178, Misc. Francis Monahan, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supereme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1180, Misc. Almars Elksnis, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1182, Misc. Richard Simons, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1186, Misc. Robert E. Thwing, petitioner, v. South Dakota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Fourth Judicial Circuit Court of
South Dakota denied.
No. 1189, Misc. Carl F. Guenther, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 1191, Misc. Andrew Lee White, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1194, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. State Farm
Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 1196, Misc. Sherrill Chesnut and Lindell Ray Newton, peti-
tioners, v. Utah. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Utah denied.
No. 1197, Misc. Darryl Baines and George Correa, petitioners, v.
George F. McGrath, Commissioner of Correction. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1199, Misc. Charles Mull, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1201, Misc. Raymond Casias et al., petitioners, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1203, Misc. James Pennington, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1204, Misc. William Stubbs, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1205, Misc. Wesley Wallace, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
238
No. 1206, Misc. Lawrence Hussar, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1210, Misc. Michael Joseph Conlon, petitioner, v. C. J. Fitz-
harris, Superintendent, Correctional Training Facility. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1211, Misc. Lee T. Porter, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 1213, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1214, Misc. Robert Oatis, Jr., petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1217, Misc. Melvin Charles Hull, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1219, Mise. Willie George Boynton, Jr., petitioner, v. Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1220, Misc. Marseille Quinney Stanley, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 1222, Misc. Walter L. Major, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts denied.
No. 1223, Misc. Jerome Peter Kuk, petitioner, v. Carl G. Hocker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nevada denied.
No. 1227, Misc. Richard Allen Tanner, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1228, Misc. Leslie Edward Williams, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 1229, Misc. William Smith, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1234, Misc. Marion Howard Stevenson, petitioner, v. New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1238, Misc. Berthold Phillips, petitioner, v. Greene County,
Tennessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
239
No. 1240, Misc. Thomas Durso and Michael Gargano, petitioners,
v. Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 1253, Misc. William A. Burke, petitioner, v. Harold V. Lang-
lois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode
Island denied.
No. 1277, Misc. Peter R. Mayock, petitioner, v. Morgan Martin,
Superintendent, Norwich State Hospital. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.
No. 1298, Misc. Nathaniel Walter Dunson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 589, Misc. James Junior Sullivan, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Brennan joins.
No. 590, Misc. George Stanley Ashby, petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 1084, Misc. John D. Irby, Robert L. Jones, and Rhozier T.
Brown, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 1212, Misc. Leon Bearden, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 883, Misc. Clady Auburn Bishop, petitioner, v. P. J. Ciccone,
Warden;
No. 1001, Misc. Earnest Peterson, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent;
No. 1175, Misc. George R. Smith, petitioner, v. Stanley Rogers,
Superintendent of the State Mental Hospital of Montana;
No. 1181, Misc. Chase M. Wood, petitioner, v. John W. Turner,
Warden;
No. 1188, Misc. Theophilus Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Super-
intendent of the California Conservation Center;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
240
No. 1192, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden;
No. 1208, Misc. O. G. Vinson, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al;
No. 1260, Misc. Stanley K. McMahon, petitioner, v. H. V. Field,
Superintendent ;
No. 1284, Misc. Bernard S. Garrett and Joseph B. Morris, peti-
tioners, v. United States;
No. 1295, Misc. James Powell Rabon, petitioner, v. Frank A. Ey-
man, Warden, et al;
No. 1296, Misc. Max Jones, petitioner, v. John W. Turner, Warden;
No. 1312, Misc. Eugene Virgil Hunt, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden;
No. 1322, Misc. Roosevelt Boone, petitioner, v. Preston Fitzburger,
Warden;
No. 1325, Misc. James Pearson, petitioner, v. Adult Parole Au-
thority of the State of Ohio, et al.;
No. 1332, Misc. William Joseph McGurrin, petitioner, v. John
Shovlin, Superintendent, Fairview State Hospital; and
No. 1399, Misc. Arthur B. Smith, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
= corpus denied.
No. 1251, Misc. William Garner, petitioner, v. New York. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other relief
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1094, Misc. Owen Louis Burkhart, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 1157, Misc. John Belcher, petitioner, v. E. Harold Hallows,
Chief Justice, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus denied.
No. 1187, Misc. Mervin Carlos McKinney, petitioner, v. United
States District Court for the Northern District of California, et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and for other
relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 14. Commonwealth Coatings Corporation, petitioner, v. Con-
tinental Casualty Company et al.;
No. 17. United States, petitioner, v. The Donruss Company;
No. 451. Jeff Fort, petitioner, v. Illinois;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
241
No. 490. James Boyd et al., appellants, v. Ramsey Clark, Attorney
General of the United States, et al;
No. 572. Ramsey Clark et al., appellants, v. Charles Joseph Cuney
Gabriel;
No. 583. Cecil B. Sanner et ux., petitioners, v. The Trustees of the
Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital;
No. 648. Markham Advertising Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Washington et al;
No. 671. Margaret McD. Leonard, Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. James H. Wharton, Administrator, C.T.A., etc.;
No. 733. J. Harvie Williams, et al., appellants, v. Virginia State
Board of Elections et al;
No. 734. Alaska et al., appellants, v. International Union of Oper-
ating Engineers, Local 302, AFL-('IO, et al;
No. 737. Irving Napue, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 745. C. L. Hilliard, appellant, v. City of Gainesville, Florida:
No. 752. Milton Frank Allen Publications, Inc., petitioner, v.
Georgia Association of Petroleum Retailers, Inc.;
No. 199, Misc. Albert G. Levy et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery
County, Maryland, et al.;
No. 803, Misc. George L. Webb, petitioner, v. Howard M. Com-
stock, Superintendent, Sierra Conservation Center;
No. 820, Misc. Truman Adonis Williams, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 833, Misc. Paul Bumpus, petitioner, v. Massachusetts;
No. 835, Misc. Vera E. Dooner, petitioner, v. Charles Buckman,
Director, Kings Park State Hospital;
No. 873, Misc. Rudolph Lavon Watkins, petitioner, v. Wisconsin:
No. 889, Misc. Mark Paulekas, petitioner, v. Ramsey Clark, At-
torney General, et al.;
No. 961, Misc. Irwin W. Anderten, petitioner, v. Don R. Erickson,
Warden;
No. 1008, Misc. Joseph Schiavoni, Administrator, petitioner, v.
Honus Wagner Company; and
No. 1047, Misc. William McNeill, petitioner, v. State Use Indus-
tries, Automobile Registration Department. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 740, Misc. John F. Beltowski, petitioner, v. Minnesota. Motion
for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 798, Misc. Douglas Cecil Johnson, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 884, Misc. Gerard Cachoian, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of these petitions.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1969
ASSIGNMENT ORDERS
242
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Reed (Retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court
of Claims on February 4, 1969, and for such further time as may be
required to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 294
(a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 295.
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Clark (Retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit beginning February 18, 1969, and
ending February 20, 1969, and for such further time as may be required
to complete unfinished business, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 294 (a), is
ordered entered on the minutes of this Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C.
§ 295.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 76. Philip Cardinale, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisiana. Argued by
Mr. Nathan Greenberg for the petitioner and by Mr. Preston H.
Hufft for the respondent.
No. 413. North Carolina et al., petitioners, v. Clifton A. Pearce.
Argued by Mr. Andrew A. Vanore, Jr., for the petitioners and
by Mr. Larry B. Sitton for the respondent.
No. 418. Curtis M. Simpson, Warden, petitioner, v. William S.
Rice. Argued by Mr. Paul T. Gish, Jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. Thomas S. Lawson, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 25, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 297, 436, 453, 477, and 641.
Х
#
1
り

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1969
243
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Ste-
wart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Norman Harkey, of Batesville, Ark., and Allan W. Horne,
of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Wilbur Daigh Mills; Carlos
C. Ashley, Jr., of Llano, Tex., and Walter Stanley Shaller, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. O. C. Fisher; Robert P. Lawton, of La Habra,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles Edward Wiggins; Fred O. Dickin-
son, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla., and Frederick C. Prior, of West Palm
Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Herbert H. Hefler,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; Alexander
Ledbetter Benton, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Anival J.
Grillo; A. Deutsche O'Neal, of Houma, La., on motion of Mr. Philip
E. Henderson; Richard C. Baldwin, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. James E. Blazek; Frank S. Wright, of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Charles W. Tessmer; Richard L. Tavrow, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Jordan Wager; Henry Leaman Fisher,
of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Levine; Charles An-
drew Mays, of Indian Head, Md., on motion of Mr. James R. Phelps;
Paul G. Pennoyer, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Ralph F. Mitchell,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edmund E. Harvey; Joel Mar-
tin Aurnou, of White Plains, N.Y., and Leon Joseph Greenspan, of
White Plains, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Stanford Warner Berman; and
Jay S. Gottlieb, of Philadelphia, Pa., Charles A. Klein, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., Charles Chester Donald Lundy, of Philadelphia, Pa., Don-
ald C. Marino, of Philadelphia, Pa., Lewis P. Mitrano, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., Gilbert Stein, of Philadelphia, Pa., Samuel Theodore Swan-
sen, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Delores Wilson, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Arlen Specter, were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 376. Dunbar-Stanley Studios, Inc., appellant, v. Alabama. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice White.
340-278-69-60

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1969
ORAL ARGUMENT
244
No. 297. Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v.
Veljko Stanisic. Leave granted Mr. Joseph J. Connolly to appear and
present oral argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of
Mr. Solicitor General Griswold. Argued by Mr. Joseph J. Connolly
for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court and by Mr.
G. Bernard Fedde for the respondent.
No. 436. Paulette Boudreaux Rodrigue et al., petitioners, v. Aetna
Casualty and Surety Company et al. Argued by Mr. Philip E. Hen-
derson for the petitioners and by Mr. James E. Diaz for the re-
spondents.
No. 453. John McMillan Gregg, petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Dean E. Richards for the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney
M. Glazer for the respondent.
No. 477. United States, petitioner, v. United States Coin and Cur-
rency, etc. Leave granted Mr. Philip A. Lacovara to appear and pre-
sent oral argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr.
Louis F. Claiborne. Argument commenced by Mr. Philip A. Laco-
vara for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 26, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 477, 641, 643, 644, and 645.
☑

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1969
245
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lee Bowes McTurnan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Richard
J. Flynn; Raymond J. Daniels, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Leonard
W. Bucklin, of Canton, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner
Claiborne; David Crystal II, of New Rochelle, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Ernest Allen Cohen; Thomas J. Eggleston, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Norman C. Paulson; Kalvin Kahn, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Dayton M. Harrington; Alan Richard Wolen,
of Los Angeles, Calif., and Charles E. Whalen, of Rockford, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Alva Jerry Butler; and George Constantine
Pontikes, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Allen H. Gardner, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 477. United States, petitioner, v. United States Coin and Cur-
rency, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Philip A. Lacovara for the
petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court and concluded by
Miss Anna R. Lavin for the respondent.
No. 641. Reyes Arias Orozco, petitioner, v. Texas. Argued by Mr.
Charles W. Tessmer for the petitioner and by Mr. Lonny F. Zwiener
for the respondent.
No. 643. Martin Rene Frazier, petitioner, v. H. C. Cupp, Warden.
Argued by Mr. Howard M. Feuerstein for the petitioner and by Mr.
Arlen Specter for the respondent.
No. 644. Billy Don Franklin Boulden, petitioner, v. William C.
Holman, Warden. Argued by Mr. William B. Moore, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. David W. Clark for the respondent.
No. 645. John Davis, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Melvyn Zarr for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
G. Garland Lyell, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 27, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 645, 403, 814, and 492.
☑
340-278-69-61

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1969
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Ronald Henry Baxter, of Topeka, Kans., and John Ivan, of Shawnee,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Keith G. Sebelius; Robert Greeff Fisher, of
Baltimore, Md., Aaron Morris Schreiber, of Baltimore, Md., and
Howard A. Weinberger, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Francis X.
Beytagh, Jr.; Marshall Fogelson, of Detroit, Mich., and Arthur Steuer,
of Southfield, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur D. Sparks; Dennis
J. Roberts, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arthur Kinoy;
Walter Hendrix Wolf, of Stillwater, Okla., on motion of Mr. Harold
Martin Carter; Leonard W. Dorsey, of New Britain, Conn., and
Chester S. Sledzik, of New Britain, Conn., on motion of Mr. Thomas
J. Meskill; Seth Mason Dabney 3rd, of Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr.
David Claudius Murchison; Peter Putnam Severson, of Palo Alto,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas Ball Bracken; William Franklin
Bronson, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Thomas Richard Spradlin ;
Robert C. Clement, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Irving
M. Tullar; T. F. Gilroy Daly, of Fairfield, Conn., on motion of Mr.
John D. Lane; and Daniel B. Brewster, of Glyndon, Md., on motion
of Mr. Richard Schifter, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 645. John Davis, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Melvyn Zarr for the petitioner.
No. 403. Jack Frederick McKart, petitioner, v. United States.
Augued by Mr. George C. Pontikes for the petitioner and by Mr.
Francis X. Beytagh for the respondent.
No. 814. Raymond Joseph DuVernay, petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Benjamin E. Smith for the petitioner and by Mr.
John S. Martin for the respondent.
No. 492. Clarence Brandenburg, appellant, v. Ohio. Argued by
Mr. Allen Brown for the appellant and by Mr. Leonard Kirschner for
the appellee.
340-278-69-62

1
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1969
Adjourned until Monday, March 3, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
247
The day call for Monday, March 3, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
463, 517, 473, 642, and 622.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Daniel C. Smith, of Phoenix, Ariz., Alonzo Clifford Shields, III, of
Centerville, Va., John Charles Noonan, Jr., of Oak Park, Ill., Michael
Jeremy Danbury, of Washington, D.C., Melvyn Herschel Fruit, of
Buffalo, N.Y., and Richard Henry Cox, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Howard W.
Campen, of San Jose, Calif., and William M. Siegel, of San Jose,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Don Edwards; John Taylor Phillips, of Ma-
con, Ga., on motion of Mr. John James Flynt, Jr.; Abraham J. Maloof,
of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William G. Bray; William
Gilmore Bruns, of Muncie, Ind., on motion of Mr. David W. Den-
nis; R. F. Bennett, of Prairie Village, Kans., Norman Edward
Gaar, of Westwood, Kans., Don Matlack, of Clearwater, Kans., John
F. Steineger, Jr., of Kansas City, Kans., J. C. Tillotson, of Norton,
Kans., and Bobby Wilson Storey, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr.
Keith G. Sebelius; Lois P. Sheinfeld, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Anthony G. Amsterdam; James Michael Cassidy, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Arthur J. Keefe; Arlin W. Hargreaves, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. David Carliner; James Ed-
ward Dougherty, of Orange, Calif., on motion of Mr. Martin Emilius
Carlson; Charles M. Love, III, of Charleston, W. Va., on motion of
Mr. Weston Harris Grimsley; Donald J. Raich, of Beverly Hills,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Forman; Jorge M. Sanchez-De-
Vanny, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Walter A. Slowinski; Robert
Martin Mangan, of Vienna, Va., on motion of Mr. John A. Carver,
Jr.; Billy Floyd Brown, of Biloxi, Miss., and William Lyman Denton,
of Brooklyn, Miss., on motion of Mr. Walter L. Lewis; Thomas C.
Marmon of San Antonio, Tex., Ronald Alan Blee, of Freeport, N.Y.,
and William Graff Imig, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Michael
A. Brown; and James Edward Whelton, of Evanston, Ill., on motion
of Mr. John N. Erlenborn, were admitted to practice.
340-278-69-63

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
OPINIONS
249
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. On the cross motions of the United States and the
State of Louisiana for a supplemental decree designating the boundary
of the lands under the Gulf of Mexico owned by Louisiana, opinion
issued deciding certain issues and reserving others for a Special Mas-
ter to be appointed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
On the cross motions of the United States and the State of Texas
for a supplemental decree as to the State of Texas, opinion issued ac-
cepting the decree proposed by the United States and ordering the
entry of a supplemental decree. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Chief Justice Warren
and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 3. Richard Allen et al., appellants, v. State Board of Elections
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia; and
No. 25. J. C. Fairley et al., appellants, v. Joe T. Patterson et al.;
and
No. 26. Charles E. Bunton et al., appellants v. Joe T. Patterson
et al.; and
No. 36. Clifton Whitley et al., appellants, v. John Bell Williams,
Governor of Mississippi, et al. Appeals from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of Mississippi. In No. 3 judg-
ment vacated and in Nos. 25, 26 and 36 judgments reversed and
cases remanded to the appropriate District Courts with instructions
to issue injunctions restraining the further enforcement of the en-
actments until such time as the states adequately demonstrate compli-
ance with § 5 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part
and dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall with whom
Mr. Justice Douglas joins concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 31, Original. State of Utah, plaintiff, v. United States. On
exceptions to the Report of the Special Master. The Report of the
Special Master is ordered filed and his determination denying inter-

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
250
vention to Morton International, Inc., is approved. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 892. Black Unity League of Kentucky et al., appellants v.
Scott Miller, Jr., etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Western District of Kentucky. The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas dissents.
No. 945. Eugene Holden et al., appellants. v. Roger Arnebergh,
City Attorney for the City of Los Angeles, et al. Appeal from the
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District. The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed, it appearing that
the judgment below rests upon an adequate state ground. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 1255, Misc. Paul B. Bokulich et al., appellants, v. Jury Com-
mission of Greene County, Alabama, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. Motion
of appellants for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Judg-
ment affirmed as to the part that denied an injunction preventing the
Greene County grand jury from considering criminal charges against
the appellants. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 436. Paulette Boudreaux Rodrigue et al., petitioners v. Aetna
Casualty and Surety Company et al. The motion for leave to file
petitioners' reply brief, after argument, is granted.
No. 1452, Misc. Thomas F. Fox, petitioner, v. Harold Brown, Sec-
retary of the United States Air Force, et al. The application for a stay
pending review on certiorari presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by
him referred to the Court, is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 908. Willie Carter, Sr., et al., appellants, v. Jury Commission
of Greene County, Alabama, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. Case placed on the summary calendar
and set for oral argument immediately following No. 842.
No. 938. Della Hadley et al., appellants, v. The Junior College Dis-
trict of Metropolitan Kansas City, Missouri, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Missouri. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and case placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
CERTIORARI GRANTED
251
No. 798. United States, petitioner, v. Montgomery County Board
of Education et al.; and
No. 997. Arlam Carr, Jr., by Arlam Carr and Johnnie Carr, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery County Board of Education et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two
hours allotted for oral argument.
No. 900. The Detroit and Toledo Shore Line Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen.
Motion to substitute United Transportation Union in place of Brother-
hood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen as the party respondent
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 925. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. J. H.
Rutter-Rex Manufacturing Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 709, Misc. Bob Fred Ashe, petitioner, v. Harold R. Swenson,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 913. Floyd Sarisohn, petitioner, v. The Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court, Second Department. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 948. Martin von Carstanjen, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 951. Robert M. Muse, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 952. J. H. Rutter-Rex Manufacturing Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 957. The Cunard Steamship Company, Ltd, petitioner, v.
Lawrence Burns et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
252
No. 960. Edward J. Kazubowski, petitioner, v. Betty Dolar Kazu-
bowski. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illi-
nois, Third District, denied.
No. 962. Claud T. Patat et al., petitioners, v. The Day Companies,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 964. Inter National Bank of Miami, petitioner, v. J. H. Brock,
Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 965. Edward J. McKenzie, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 968. Joseph E. Stanek, petitioner, v. Civil Service Commission
of the City of Pittsburgh et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
County Court of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, denied.
No. 1053. Frances Faircloth et vir, petitioners, v. James Fletcher
Hester. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 780. The Franklin Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 851. Sidney J. Gefen, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 896. Andrew J. Kalerak, Jr., et al., petitioners v. Walter J.
Hickel, Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 940. Philip J. Kenney, petitioner, v. American Can Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit and for other relief denied.
No. 947. Zylpha S. Buettner et al., etc., petitioners, v. Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 949. Kaiser Industries Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Mc-
Louth Steel Corporation. Motion of the Government of Austria for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
340-278-69- -64

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
253
No. 688, Misc. Harold Hanger et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 726, Misc. S. C. Smith, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 753, Misc. Zettie Haynes, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 773, Misc. Denny Gafford, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 831, Misc. Hubert Bullard, petitioner, v. D. J. Sheehy, Super-
intendent, Lorton Reformatory. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 978, Misc. Louis Guido, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1080, Misc. Nathaniel Robinson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1153, Misc. Ralph Darwin Bonicamp, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1171, Misc. William H. Fuller, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1195, Misc. Yves Glaziou and Rene L. A. Lemieux, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1225, Misc. Kenneth Byes, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1232, Misc. Major Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1235, Misc. Jesse DeWayne White, petitioner, v. Arizona ex rel.
Frank A. Eyman, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1236, Misc. George Buck Linzy, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1245, Misc. Lester Posner, petitioner, v. Reistertown Federal
Savings and Loan Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
254
No. 1256, Misc. Sadie L. Campbell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1268, Misc. Henry Cannon, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1275, Misc. Pherne N. Miller, petitioner, v. Katherine S.
Thorn, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1278, Misc. Tilmon Greer, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1279, Misc. James T. Silver, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1280, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1286, Misc. Howard Lee Rucker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1288, Misc. Doyle Howard Mace, petitioner, v. Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1289, Misc. Vernon W. Clifton, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1292, Misc. Bobby Levon Mayberry, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1294, Misc. Paul Jerome Brown, petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1297, Misc. Joseph E. Myrick, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1304, Misc. Jesse Allen Sullivan, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 1306, Misc. John W. Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1318, Misc. Clifford Marter, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
255
No. 1333, Misc. Percy Beale, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1335, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Wyoming County, New York, denied.
No. 1369, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. Andrew E. Wallace, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 994, Misc. Leon Brent, petitioner, v. Wingate White, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Doug-
las are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted on the basis of
the dissents in Schmerber v. California, 384 U.S. 757.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF Habeas CORPUS DENIED
No. 901, Misc. Wilson Jay Watson, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent, California Conservation Center, et al.;
No. 1336, Misc. Lionel Delagarde, petitioner, v. Arthur E.
Krueger, Warden;
No. 1374, Misc. Izell Shefton, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary;
No. 1384, Misc. Carl H. Carter, petitioner, v. John N. Mitchell,
Attorney General, et al.; and
No. 1397, Misc. Mack Barnes, petitioner, v. Texas et al. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1247, Misc. Ruchell Magee, petitioner, v. Edward C. Schade
et al.; and
No. 1257, Misc. Horace Foster, petitioner, v. Walter J. Cummings,
Circuit Judge, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of man-
damus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 13. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Aberdeen and Rockfish Railroad Company et al.;
No. 667. John G. Garner et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
256
No. 725. Raymond Patriarca et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 726. Frank Sutton, on behalf of himself and other similarly
situated, appellant, v. Tom Adams, as Secretary of State of Florida,
et al.;
No. 758. John Langenbacher Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board;
No. 763. Bernhard Rosee, petitioner, v. Board of Trade of the City
of Chicago et al;
No. 773. Joseph A. F. Valenti, appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller,
Governor of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 790. Provision Salesmen & Distributors Union, Local 627, etc.,
appellant, v. United States et al.;
No. 745, Misc. Jack Lesley Marson, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 782, Misc. Thurston Hill, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 887, Misc. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 998, Misc. Gordon Jay Thompson, petitioner, v. Jacob J.
Parker, Warden; and
No. 1062, Misc. Claude W. Harris, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 741. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., Comptroller of the State of Flor-
ida, appellant, v. The First National Bank of Homestead, Homestead,
Florida, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
RECESS ORDER
The court will take a recess from Monday, March 10, 1969, until
Monday, March 24, 1969.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 463. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wyman-
Gordon Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for the
petitioner and by Mr. Quentin O. Young for the respondent.
No. 517. The National Board of Young Men's Christian Associa-
tions et al., petitioners, v. United States. Argued by Mr. Ronald A.
Jacks for the petitioners and by Mr. Peter L. Strauss for the
respondent.
No. 473. John H. Bingler, District Director of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard E. Johnson et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Harris Weinstein for the petitioner and continued by Mr. James C.
Larrimer for the respondents.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1969
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
257
The day call for Tuesday, March 4, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
473, 642, 622, and 748.

258
TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1969
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Rein J. Vander Zee, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lee
Metcalf; Burnett Merrell Frazer, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Alfred Anthony Affinito, of Pittsburg,
Calif., and Gerald Allen Belleci, of Pittsburg, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Jerome Russell Waldie; Ruby Nell Burrows, of Daytona Beach,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid, Sr.; Joel Chasnoff, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mrs. Anastasia T. Dunau; Jay Harold
Conner, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Henry Newton Hern-
don, Jr.; John Earl Crandell, of Spokane, Wash., and Winn M. Thur-
man, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Matthew Joseph Wheeler,
Jr.; Nelson J. Cooney, of Silver Spring, Md., and Richard A. Meh-
ley, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Peter T. Beardsley; Steven
D. Narick, of Moundsville, W. Va., on motion of Mrs. Virginia Mae
Brown; Arthur G. Muegler, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
William D. Crampton; Herbert L. Jacobson, of Princeton, N.J., on
motion of Mr. Roland Augustus Linger; Ronald Blavatt, of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Ellis L. Bert; Glen R. Murphy, of Vi-
enna, Va., on motion of Mr. Sylvester B. Billbrough; and Fredric
Joel Freed, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Martin Jacobs,
were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 370. Elliott Golden, as District Attorney of the County of
Kings, appellant, v. Sanford Zwickler. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of New York with directions to enter a new judg-
ment dismissing the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 473. John H. Bingler, District Director of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard E. Johnson et al. Argument continued by Mr.
James C. Larrimer for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Harris
Weinstein for the petitioner.
340-278-69-65

TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1969
259
No. 642. Edward Boykin, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. Argued by
Mr. E. Graham Gibbons for the petitioner and by Mr. David W. Clark
for the respondent.
No. 622. William L. Maxwell, petitioner, v. O. E. Bishop, Super-
intendent, Arkansas State Penitentiary. Argued by Mr. Anthony G.
Amsterdam for the petitioner, by Mr. Albert W. Harris, Jr., for the
State of California, as amicus curiae, and by Mr. Don Langston for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 5, 1969, will be as follows: No.
748.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1969
260
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
James Bennett Reed, of Aurora, Colo., on motion of Mr. Henry
Newton Herndon, Jr., was admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 748. Thornton A. Jenkins, petitioner, v. Delaware. Argued by
Mr. Henry N. Herndon, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Jay H.
Conner for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 10, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
Х
340-278-69- 66

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
261
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edward Jarrin Snyder, of Washington, D.C., Patrick T. Caffery, of
New Iberia, La., Michael F. Thompson, of Lafayette, La., Ted J. Bor-
owski, of Houma, La., Philip J. McMahon, of Houma, La., Adrian L.
Morchower, of Bethesda, Md., James Claude Hightower III, of New-
ark, N.J., and Jerris Leonard, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Sheldon F. Goldberg, of Denver,
Colo., Lawrence P. Weisman, of Westport, Conn., and Emanuel
Margolis, of Westport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Byrn G. Rogers;
Augustus Reagan Barksdale, of Conyers, Ga., and James Harold
Weeks, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Benj. Thomas Blackburn
III; Philip D. Furlong, of Sioux City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Wiley
E. Mayne; John Foster Bruce, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Judge John Gregory Bruce; Bernard Glasser, of Norfolk, Va., and
Stuart Davis Glasser, of Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Stewart
French; Marvin F. Frankel, of Oak Park, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Wilbur D. Sparks; Erwin Alpern, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Philip Elman; John B. Denniston, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Frederick W. Denniston; Marshal A. Lerner, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William D. Hall; C. Thomas, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Edward J. McGowen; George P.
Lamb, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. George P. Lamb;
William James Lehrfeld, of Washington, D.C., and Charles Stanley
Warren, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Charles R. Donnen-
feld; Harris J. Berman, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Martin
Jacobs; Joaquin Camacho Arriola, of Agana, Guam, on motion of Mr.
Edward H. McDermott; James Earl Davis, of Akron, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Michael W. J. Shea; Theodore W. Robinson, of Great Falls,
Mont., on motion of Mr. Simon Lawrence Cain; Jose Maria Monte, of
Barre, Vt., and John Peter Monte, of Barre, Vt., on motion of Mr.
Joseph M. Harrington; and Milton Young, of New York, N.Y., and
Stephen S. Ziegler, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Mitchell
Rogovin, were admitted to practice.
340-278-69-
-67

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
OPINIONS
262
No. 133, October Term, 1967. Willie Israel Alderman, et al., peti-
tioners v. United States. On motion to modify order of remand to the
United States District Court for the District of Colorado;
No. 11. Igor A. Ivanov, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 197. John William Butenko, petitioner, v. United States. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. In No. 133, October Term, 1967, the per curiam order of Jan-
uary 29, 1968, is withdrawn and the order denying the petition for
writ of certiorari is vacated. Petition for rehearing and petition for
writ of certiorari granted. Judgments vacated and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of Colorado for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. In
Nos. 11 and 197, judgments vacated and cases remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Mr. Justice Douglas, while joining the opinion of the
Court, concurs in Part II of the opinion of Mr. Justice Fortas and
holds that the protection of the Fourth Amendment includes also those
against whom the investigation is directed. Mr. Justice Stewart Joins
Mr. Justice Harlan's dissenting opinion except insofar as it would
authorize in camera proceedings in the Ivanov and Butenko cases. He
would apply the same standards to all three cases, agreeing to that
extent with the opinion of the Court. Mr. Justice Black dissents, ad-
hering to his dissent in Katz v. United States, 389 U.S. 347, 364–374
(1967). Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part and dissent-
ing in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas concurring in part and
dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these cases.
No. 42. Fred L. Shuttlesworth, petitioner, v. City of Birmingham,
Alabama. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ala-
bama for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black concurs
in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 243. Citizen Publishing Company et al., appellants, v. United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Arizona. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 60. Dick Gregory et al., petitioners v. City of Chicago. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judgments reversed

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
263
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas, while joining the
separate opinion of Mr. Justice Black, also joins this opinion. Mr.
Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White concur in the judgment of the
Court and join its opinion insofar as it holds that under the principle
established by Stromberg v. California, 382 U.S. 359, the petitioners'
convictions cannot stand. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
concurring in the result.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 377. Dunbar-Stanley Studios, Inc., appellant, v. City of Mobile.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Alabama. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 958. Local 182, International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, appellant, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Appeal from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 961. Walter J. Abrams et al., appellants, v. John A. Wiethe
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 429, Misc. Leroy Johnson, petitioner, v. James Voyles, Sheriff,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Texas for further consideration in light of Smith v.
Hooey, Judge, Criminal District Court of Harris County, Texas, 393
U.S. 374. Opinion per curiam.
No. 559, Misc. Louis Darrell Powers and Joseph Thomas Craig,
petitioners, v. Perry Circuit Court et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Indiana

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
264
for further consideration in light of Smith, v. Hooey, Judge, Criminal
District Court of Harris County, Texas, 393 U.S. 374. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 665, Misc. John Shaw, petitioner, v. Illinois. On pettion for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Ap-
pellate Court of Illinois, First District, for further consideration in
light of Smith v. Illinois, 390 U.S. 129. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice White are of the opinion that certiorari should
be denied.
No. 1072, Misc. Frederick Richard Jones, appellant, v. California.
Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate Dis-
trict. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1167, Misc. John Otis Sumrall, appellant, v. William J. Kidd
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Mississippi. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court in order that the District Court may enter a fresh de-
cree from which the appellant may, if he wishes, perfect a timely
appeal to the Court of Appeals. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1267, Misc. John Allen Watts, appellant, v. Maryland. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. The appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No.
--
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Theodorę P. Kaplysh et al., petitioners, v. Lewis B. Her-
shey et al.; and
No. 1637, Misc. Max Hyman Schwartz, petitioner, v. Local Board
No. 23, etc., et al. The applications for stays of induction presented
to Mr. Justice Stewart, and by him referred to the Court, are denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that the stays should be granted.
No. 1700, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Norman E.
Sill. It is ordered that Norman E. Sill of Washington, District of
Columbia, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and
that a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in this
Court.
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell Paul,
Jr., etc. The request of the United States to participate in oral argu-

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
265
ment, as amicus curiae, is granted and a total of twenty minutes is
allotted for that purpose. Counsel appointed to argue in support of the
judgment of the lower court shall likewise be allotted an additional
twenty minutes to present oral argument in this case.
No. 573. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gissell
Packing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 691. Food Store Employees Union, Local No. 347, Amalga-
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Gissel Packing Company, Inc. The motion of the
American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organiza-
tions for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 986. Hiland Dairy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The Kroger Com-
pany. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the
views of the United States. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this order.
No. 899. United States, appellant, v. Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al.;
No. 942. Charles E. Brundage et al., appellants, v. United States
et al.;
No. 999. City of Auburn, appellant, v. United States et al.; and
No. 1003. Livingston Anti-Merger Committee, appellant, v. In-
terstate Commerce Commission et al. The motions of certain appellees
to advance and to dispense with printing the appendix are denied.
Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of
these motions.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 928. William Anderson and Harold Moffett, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 953. Vincent Mauro, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 956. Howard Weisblum, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 959. David Ray Crowley, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to. the United States Court of Appeals for the
'Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 967. Glenn J. Sharpe, petitioner, v. Oklahoma ex rel. Okla-
homa Bar Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Court on the Judiciary of Oklahoma denied.
340-278-69- -68

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
266
No. 969. John A. Thomson, petitioner, v. New Hampshire. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire
denied.
No. 972. Joseph Mustacchio, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 973. Gerardo Restaino, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 975. General Electric Company, Battery Products, Capacitor
Department, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 980. Akin Distributors, Inc., of Florida, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 732. James Bryson Martin, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
FOURTH
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted
No. 901. Allen F. Barker et al., petitioners, v. Wendell G. Hardway,
President of Bluefield State College, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Mr. Justice Doug-
las is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 971. Joseph Ben Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph F. Filliben,
Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 987. Alameda Conservation Association, petitioner, v. City
of Alameda et al. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 1011. W. H. Pat O'Bryan, petitioner, v. Stephen S. Chandler,
Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1030. Alfred E. Coleman et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
267
No. 387, Misc. Earl Thomas Sadler, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 605, Misc. Leon Spinks, petitioner, v. Circuit Court of Calla-
way County, Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme.
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 619, Misc. Maurice Evans, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 850, Misc. John B. Philson, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 741, Misc. James Leo Lewter, petitioner, v. Commonwealth's
Attorney, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 755, Misc. Alvin Robert Alexander, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 813, Misc. Adolph Carden, petitioner v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 851, Misc. Robert Clayton, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1120, Misc. George Crutcher and Hamp Hazel, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1158, Misc. Richard Custer Hyler, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1161, Misc. Jerry Jackson, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 1162, Misc. Robert Wesley Davis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1183, Misc. John Anthony Genovese and Anthony Thomas
Trotta, petitioners v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1185, Misc. Gilbert Lewis Spears, petitioner. v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1193, Misc. Floyd Lennox McGee, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
268
No. 1198, Misc. Philip B. Chambers et ux., petitioners, v. Colonial
Pipeline Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Tennessee, Eastern Division, denied.
No. 1200, Misc. Frederick Clarence Smith, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1216, Misc. Willie Jim Miller, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1221, Misc. Robert Roberts, petitioner, v. Roger B. Copinger,
Jr., Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1224, Misc. Carlton Cozzette Peak, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1226. Misc. Thomas E. Blunt, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1243, Misc. James Edward Lee, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1246, Misc. Charles R. Todd, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1249, Misc. Sylvester G. Perez, petitioner, v. H. V. Field. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1261, Misc. Ronald Brooks Tippett, petitioner, v. Merle R.
Schneckloth, Superintendent California Conservation Center. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1263, Misc. P. Carey, petitioner, v. George Washington Uni-
versity. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1264, Misc. Leewood Alford, Jr., petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1265, Misc. A. Y. Brown, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1270, Misc. Thomas J. Ballou, Jr., petitioner v. Massachusetts
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1272, Misc. Cleveland Lindsey, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
269
No. 1307, Misc. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 1310, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Joseph J. McDon-
ough. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1317, Misc. Mack Corral, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1320, Misc. Vasco Carrier, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1321, Misc. Marcus Leon Hayes, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto,
Superintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1330, Misc. Bernard Martin Zide, petitioner, v. Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Third District, denied.
No. 1331, Misc. Wiley Bell, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1334, Misc. Howard J. Vivian, Jr., petitioner, v. Saul Book-
binder, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1340, Misc. Olga Gunzburger, petitioner, v. Washington Ter-
minal Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1342, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1351, Misc. Joseph Kagan, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate Disirict, denied.
No. 1355, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Board of Elections, City
of Tampa, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of Florida, Second District, denied.
No. 1391, Misc. Lewis Junior Morgan, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1415, Misc. Alfonso Urtado, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1969
270
No. 656, Misc. Ronald L. Reece, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas would grant cer-
tiorari and reverse on the basis of Johnson v. Avery, 393 U.S.
decided February 24, 1969.
No. 1276, Misc. Watson Woodson Jennison, Jr., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1371, Misc. Eugene Owen Mitchell, petitioner, v. Attorney
General of the United States et al.;
No. 1423, Misc. George Norbert Montano, petitioner, v. John W.
Turner, Warden; and
No. 1453, Misc. Joseph John Fournier, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto,
Superintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 744, Misc. Joe L. Green and James Howard Readus, petitioners,
v. United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana
et al.; and
No. 1413, Misc. Sherman H. Skolnick et al., petitioners, v. Mayor
& City Council of Chicago et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 44. William Skinner, et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 330, Misc. James Nelson Coleman, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 24, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 24, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
201, 244, and 488.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
271
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Dean H. Bilton, of Chicago, Ill., Rochelle Liebling Kahan, of
Chicago, Ill., Michael A. Dively, of Traverse City, Mich., Howard
Michael Koff, of Arlington, Va., Daniel A. Rago, of Valley Stream,
N.Y., and Howard L. Stevens, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; George Terrell Barrow, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Myron B.
Katz, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Gaylord Nelson; Donald
S. Nishimura, of Honolulu, Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Daniel K.
Inouye; William A. Letson, of Red Cloud, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Roman L. Hruska; F. Vernon Boozer, of Baltimore, Md., and Daniel
Eugene Klein, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles Mc-
Curdy Mathias, Jr.; George Olin Jernigan, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. David H. Pryor; Alex W. Newton, of Birmingham,
Ala., and Walter Ryland Byars, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of
Mr. Tom Bevill; Hugh L. Smith of Vienna, Ga., on motion of Mrs.
Frances Y. Read; Vernon Stuart Tirola, of Westport, Conn., on
motion of Mr. Bernard J. Waters; Edward M. Byrne, of Waterloo,
N.Y., and Eric Francis Matthies, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion
of Mr. George Atherton Williams; Paul C. Maracina, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Fred Gold; Bernard M. Dworski, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Solomon I. Hirsh; Howell H. Heard, of
West Monroe, La., on motion of Mr. Clarence J. Martin; William
John Kirby, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel A. Stern;
Gene H. Anderson, of Belleville, Kans., Thomas Flynn Burke, of
Omaha, Nebr., Bernard A. Waxstein, Jr., of Yonkers, N.Y., Richard
R. Lee, of Shelby, N.C., Peter D. Newhouse, of Columbus, Ohio, Bruce
Irving, of Klamath Falls, Oreg., and Frank Marion Townsend III,
of Harwood, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter L. Lewis; Robert J.
Kelly, of Boston, Mass., Francis X. Olivieri, of Somerville, Mass., and
Joseph W. Topor, Jr., of Three Rivers, Mass., on motion of Mr. George
Kaufmann; Phillip Leventhal, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr.
John Harvey Sacks; Daniel Wilkus Weil, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Daniel Patrick Coman; Gerald D. Thornton, of Des Moines,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. Michael H. Bader; Harold N. Roney, of
340--278-69-69

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
272
McMinnville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Henry A. Robinson; Jules
Bernstein, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Florian J. Bartosic;
Ellis E. Reid, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ronald Butler; Walter
R. Paynter, of Dearborn, Mich., on motion of Mr. Paul Zaleski; Walter
Soroka, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mrs. Selma W. Samols; L. Keith
Bulen, of Indianapolis, Ind., Charles C. Daugherty, of Indianapolis,
Ind., Harold H. Kohlmeyer, Jr., of Indianapolis Ind., Edgar H.
Lamb, of Indianapolis, Ind., Edward P. Madinger, of Indianapolis,
Ind., Stanley B. Miller, of Indianapolis, Ind., Noble R. Pearcy, of
Indianapolis, Ind., John M. Ryan, of Indianapolis, Ind., William N.
Salin, of Fort Wayne, Ind., and Patrick D. Sullivan, of Indianapolis,
Ind., on motion of Mr. William D. Ruckelshaus, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 199. George B. Harris, Judge of United States District Court
for the Northern District of California, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Har-
lan with whom Mr. Justice White joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart.
No. 12. Samuel Desist et al., petitioners, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr.
Justice Black, while adhering to his dissent in Linkletter v. Walker,
381 U.S. 618, 640 (1965), concurs in the affirmance of the judgment of
conviction in this case for reasons stated in his dissenting opinion in
Katz v. United States, 389 U.S. 347, 463 (1967). Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas in this case and in No. 62,
post. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 62. Thomas R. Kaiser, petitioner, v. New York. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the
result for the reasons stated in his dissenting opinions in Berger v.
New York, 388 U.S. 41, 70, and Katz v. United States, 389 U.S. 347,
364. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas in this case and in
No. 12, ante.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
273
No. 53. Harold Kaufman, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of Missouri for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 814. Raymond Joseph DuVernay, petitioner, v. United States.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit, Judgment affirmed by an equally divided court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS Per Curiam
No. 28. Samuel Joseph Giordano, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated, and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings in conformity
with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko
v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 54. Michael J. Scandfia, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for further proceedings in conformity
with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko
v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 84. John Franzese et al., petitioners, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Petition for certiorari as to Franzese granted
and denied as to other petitioners, judgment as to Franzese vacated and

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
274
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States and Butenko v.
United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 106. Dave Evans, petitioner, v. United States. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity
with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko
v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 124. Joseph Aiuppa, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with
Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States and Butenko v.
United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 129. Joseph Amabile, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States, and
Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 168. Salvatore Battaglia, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States,
and Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice Black dis-
sents. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or dis-
position of this case.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
275
No. 271. Cassius Marsellus Clay, Jr., also known as Muhammad
Ali, petitioner, v. United States. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motions
for leave to amend petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Texas for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v.
United States, and Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189.
Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr.
Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 317. Americo Di Pietto et al., petitioners, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari as to Mirro and
McDonnell granted and denied as to other petitioners. Judgment as to
Mirro and McDonnell vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for further
proceedings in conformity with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v.
United States, and Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opin-
ion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Jus-
tice Black dissents.
No. 474. Pasquale A. Natarelli, also known as Pat Natarelli, peti-
tioner v. United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of New York for fur-
ther proceedings in conformity with Alderman v. United States,
Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W.
4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 546. James R. Hoffa et al., petitioners, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Motion to set aside judgments of conviction denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgments vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Tennessee for further proceedings in conformity with Alderman v.
United States, Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko v. United States,
37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice White and Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 668. Joseph Stassi, Sr., petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ for certiorari granted, judgment
340-278-69-70

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
276
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Florida for further proceedings in conformity
with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States and Butenko
v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 715. Frederico G. Randaccio, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Western District of New York for further proceedings in conformity
with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States, and Butenko
v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 895. James R. Hoffa et al., petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 911. Benjamin Dranow, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tions for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Petitions for writs of certiorari granted, judg-
ment vacated and cases remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v. United States,
and Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189. Opinion per curiam.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice White, and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 446. Louis J. Taglianetti, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, and judgment
affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 823. Marguerite Shakespeare and Gene Shakespeare, appel-
lants v. Simon Zervos. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District. Motions to dispense with printing jurisdic-
tional statement and for leave to file a supplemental jurisdiction
statement granted. Motion for transmittal of exhibits denied. The
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 904. Mayhue's Super Liquor Stores, Inc., appellant, v. Don
Meiklejohn, as Director, Beverage Department, State of Florida, et
al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
277
No. 1006. Daladier Andrew Woods, appellant, v. California. Ap-
peal from the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of Cali-
fornia, County of Los Angeles. The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1017. The Boeing Company, appellant, v. Phillip Hamm, as
Commissioner of Revenue of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Alabama. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 1033. Linda McInnis, by Clotee McInnis, her mother and next
friend, et al., appellants, v. Richard B. Ogilvie, Governor of Illinois,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois. Motions of Urban Coalition et al.; Amer-
ican Federation of Labor-Congress of Industrial Organizations et al.;
John E. Coons et al.; and San Francisco Neighborhood Legal Assist-
ance Foundation et al., for leave to file briefs, as amici curiae, granted.
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that probable juris-
diction should be noted and the case set for oral argument.
No. 1035. In the Matter of Joseph Emmet Gross, appellant. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of California. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1069. Federal-Bryant Machinery Company, etc., appellant, v.
The Department of Revenue of the State of Illinois. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Illinois. The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1324, Misc. Gordon McLean Campbell, appellant, v. Washing-
ton State Bar Association. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 163. Evelle J. Younger, appellant, v. John Harris, Jr., et al.
The motion of the appellee, Harris, for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 173. Richard E. Gorman, petitioner, v. United States. In light
of the Court's decision in Alderman v. United States, Ivanov v.
United States, Butenko v. United States, 37 U.S.L.W. 4189, the
United States is requested to file a response to the petition for
rehearing in the above-entitled case specifically with respect to
the petitioner's allegation that he "appeared before the District Court

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
278
where that Court summarily, without taking evidence or hearing argu-
ment, and apparently on the representation of nonmateriality by the
government ruled the purported log not material to the petitioner's
case."
No. 573. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gissel
Packing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 691. Food Store Employees Union, Local No. 347, Amalga-
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Gissell Packing Company, Inc. The motion of the
Associated Builders and Contractors, Inc., for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 620. James L. Moore et al., appellants, v. Samuel Shapiro, etc.,
et al. The motion for the appellees for permission for two attorneys
to participate in oral argument is granted.
No. 662. Clarence DeBacker, appellant, v. Homer Brainard, Sheriff
of Dodge County, Nebraska. The motion of the appellant for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is granted. The motion for
the appointment of counsel is also granted and it is ordered that Wil-
liam G. Line, Esquire, of Fremont, Nebraska, a member of the Bar
of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for
the appellant in this case. The joint motion to dispense with printing
the appendix is denied.
No. 672. United States, petitioner, v. John P. King. The motion of
the respondent to remove this case from the summary calendar is
denied.
No. 717. United States et al., petitioners, v. Radio Television News
Directors Association et al. The motion of the respondents to remove
this case from the summary calendar is granted and thirty additional
minutes are allotted to each side. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 791. Ronald L. Crane, petitioner, v. Cedar Rapids and Iowa
City Railway Company. The motion of the Railway Labor Executives'
Association for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 798. United States, petitioner, v. Montgomery County Board
of Education et al.; and
No. 997. Arlam Carr, Jr., by Arlam Carr and Johnnie Carr, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery County Board of Education et al.
The motion of the petitioners to advance is granted.
No. 841. Tommie E. L. Williams, petitioner, v. City of Oklahoma
City et al. The motion to require certification of additional parts of
the record is granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
CERTIORARI GRANTED
279
No. 992. Howard Ross and Bernard Ross, as Trustees for Lena
Rosenbaum, petitioners, v. Robert A. Bernhard et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1014. Anderson's-Black Rock, Inc., petitioner, v. Pavement
Salvage Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 867, Misc. John Henry Coleman and Otis Stephens, peti-
tioners, v. Alabama. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 720. Charles Caci, aka Bobby Milano, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 954. Stephen A. Cino, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 939. John Owen Tyler, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 955. The National Cash Register Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 978. Air Line Pilots Association, International, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Robert C. Tischler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 981. Pilot Freight Carriers, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles W.
Walker;
No. 1000. Gaston County Dyeing Machine Company, petitioner, v.
Marvin W. Brown; and
No. 1001. The Observer Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Daniel Lee et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 984. Cedar Rapids Steel Transportation, Inc., petitioner, v.
Iowa State Commerce Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 989. J. Howard Arnold, petitioner, v. William J. McGuiness.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
340-278-69-71

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
280
No. 991. Terry Industries of Virginia, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 993. University of Illinois Foundation, petitioner, v. Winegard
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 994. P. R. Mallory & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 998. Trey Packing, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1004. Margaret Cox et al., petitioners, v. Herman Katz, City
Clerk of the City of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1005. Earl E. Howe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1007. Kathleen Moglia, petitioner, v. James Geoghegan et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1008. Olga Ruth Daniel, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1012. National Sponge Cushion Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Allen
Industries, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1019. Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1020. Jarka Corporation, petitioner, v. Mitsui Sempaku K. K.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1023. Robert E. Rath, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1025. Ricky L. Cochrane, petitioner, v. Harold V. Langlois,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode
Island denied.
No. 1026. George Zimmerman, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
281
No. 1027. Dan Lee White, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 1038. United Medical Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Colum-
bia Broadcasting System, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1046. E. T. Barwick et al., petitioners, v. T. C. V'Soske et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1058. Philip Chuff, petitioner, v. The Board of Education of
Central School District #2 of the Towns of Frankfort and Schuyler,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 37. Bernard G. McGarry, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this petition.
No. 917. W. H. Cocke et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 924. Lewes Dairy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Clifford H. Hardin,
Secretary of Agriculture. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 699. Robert S. Daly, petitioner, v. California. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of
California, County of Santa Clara, denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted and judgment reversed.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 792. Saul I. Birnbaum, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by the Chief Justice with
whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 970. Robert E. S. Young, petitioner, v. John A. Mader et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 979. Rodney Bernard, Jr., Trustee, petitioner, v. Beneficial
Finance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
White is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
282
No. 1013. Lee J. Esplin et al., petitioners, v. Leland (Lee) Hirschi
et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 985. Cyrus S. Eaton, petitioner, v. Harold S. Hobson. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 990. Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, Pacific South-
west Regional Office, petitioner, v. Federal Communications Com-
mission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr.
Justce Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 1018. Roosevelt Johnson and Anthony Buckner, petitioners, v.
United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1010. John Terrel Hampton, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1021. Stephen F. Schonbrun, petitioner, v. Commanding
Officer, Armed Forces, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1054. Harold G. Childs, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 379, Misc. James Anthony Thomas, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 485, Misc. Donnie Ray McCormick, petitioner, v. Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 606, Misc. Gilbert Lee Schoonover, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 982, Misc. Ronald Allston, petitioner, v. Prosecuting Attorney
and the State of Maryland, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1095, Misc. James Devanna Nelson, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States; and

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
283
No. 1314, Misc. Thomas Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1112, Misc. Louis Sorgi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1133, Misc. Miguel Pabon, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1140, Misc. Max Tannenbaum, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1170, Misc. Charles M. Sanchez, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1173, Misc. Johnny Moore, etc., petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1202, Misc. Willa G. Skelton, petitioner, v. United States
Courts et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1230, Misc. Leo Rivers, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1231, Mise. Betty Ramsey Kilgore, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 1381, Misc. William Morris, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1237, Misc. James R. Durham, Jr., petitioner, v. United States..
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1241, Misc. Johnnie G. Stone, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1252, Misc. Harley Paris Allston, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1258, Misc. Artis Jackson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
284
No. 1269, Misc. Robert Holmes, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1273, Misc. William F. Fortunato, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1285, Misc. Harvey E. Pritchett, petitioner, v. G. M. Lloyd,
Captain of Detectives, Richmond, Virginia. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1287, Misc. Morris E. Anglin, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1293, Misc. Robert Charles Kochel, Sr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1316, Misc. George William Boyle, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1327, Misc. James Stanley Pipes, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1328, Misc. Robert E. Green, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1337, Misc. Joseph Monroe McConnell, Jr., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1339, Misc. James Picard, petitioner, v. J. Wayne Allgood,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1344, Misc. Vincent Principe, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1345, Misc. Donald J. Vale, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1346, Misc. Vincent Hernandez, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1349, Misc. John Joseph DiTommaso, petitioner, v. United
States; and

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
285
No. 1350, Misc. Charles Forest Waugaman, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1353, Misc. Thomas E. Tribble, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1356, Misc. George Crawford, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1357, Misc. Ralph Bravo, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1358, Misc. Roosevelt Bynum, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1359, Misc. Arland L. Gerberding, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 1360, Misc. Hugh J. Hays, petitioner, v. Ray K. Procunier,
Director, California Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1362, Misc. James Wm. Smith, petitioner, v. Melvin R. Laird,
U.S. Secretary of Defense. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1364, Misc. Harry Robert Handley, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1375, Misc. Aston Meekins, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1376, Misc. Larry D. Gaines, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1377, Misc. Joseph Di Niro, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1378, Misc. George Curtis Cole, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1379, Misc. Pascual Venegas Amaro, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
286
No. 1382, Misc. Sylvester Lockhart, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
Hendrick. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1383, Misc. Vincent Cornell Iyotte, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1388, Misc. Luther Brookman, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1389, Misc. Lester Freeman, petitioner, v. Max P. Frye, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1392, Misc. Roy Ross, Jr., petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1395, Misc. Rufus H. Tucker, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1396, Misc. Robert Walters, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1398, Misc. Garfield F. Gordon, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 1403, Misc. Sidney Jenkins, petitioner, v. George G. Dunn,
Clerk, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1404, Misc. James Harley Lasiter, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1405, Misc. John J. Mathews, petitioner, v. Ruby Leontine
Mathews et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Georgia denied.
No. 1406, Misc. John Edward Daugherty, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1409, Misc. Arturo Gomez, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Di-
rector, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1411, Misc. John Edward Ames, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
287
No. 1414, Misc. Elver L. Hickok, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1416, Misc. Armand F. Roy, petitioner, v. Manchester Gas
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1417, Misc. Kelly Bell, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton, Superin-
tendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1418, Misc. William Edward Harris, petitioner, v. North Car-
olina et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1419, Misc. Larry G. Linebarger, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1426, Misc. Thomas Mason, Jr., et ux., petitioners, v. Long
Island Savings Bank, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court New York, Suffolk County, denied.
No. 1430, Misc. Lorenzo Worthy, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1447, Misc. Joe Figueroa, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1452, Misc. Thomas F. Fox, petitioner, v. Harold Brown, Sec-
retary of the United States Air Force, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1456, Misc. Robert E. Younglove, petitioner, v. John Hannah
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 1457, Misc. James Gilbert Glass, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1469, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1498, Misc. Joseph A. Peel, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1218, Misc. Leslie Pyles, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
288
District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1485, Misc. Haywood Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 1558, Misc. Nicholas M. Waters, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field,
Superintendent, California Men's Colony;
No. 1567, Misc. Benjamin Smith, petitioner, v. California et al.;
and
No. 1573, Misc. Roscoe Joseph Harris, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto,
Superintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm. Motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 785, Misc. Vernon Hailey, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell, War-
den, et al. Upon the suggestion of mootness by reason of the death of
petitioner, motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
dismissed.
No. 1533, Misc. Charles Eugene McCartney, petitioner, v. Louis S.
Nelson, Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1215, Misc. Richard A. Lauchli, Jr., petitioner, v. Omer Poos,
Chief Judge, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Illinois;
No. 1300, Misc. Thomas A. Patton, petitioner, v. Veterans Ad-
ministration;
No. 1329, Misc. Ethel Stone Levy, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission, et al.; and
No. 1373, Misc. Ruchell MaGee, petitioner, v. Charles Carr, Judge
of the United States District Court, Central District of California,
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 1311, Misc. Benjamin Jerrel Brown, petitioner, v. United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 590. Robert Jayson et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 500, Misc. Lawrence Metze, petitioner, v. New York;
No. 876, Misc. John Johnson, petitioner, v. New York et al.;
No. 1057, Misc. Harry William Theriault, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 1208, Misc. O. G. Vinson, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Waarden, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 24, 1969
289
No. 11. Igor A. Ivanov, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
No. 519. Marvin Hayutin, petitioner, v. United States. Motion for
leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 201. John Dalmer Benton, petitioner, v. Maryland. Reargued
by Mr. M. Michael Cramer for the petitioner, by Mr. Peter L. Strauss
for the United States, as amicus curiae, at the invitation of the Court,
and by Mr. Francis B. Burch for the respondent.
No. 244. John S. Boyle, Chief Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Lawrence Landry et al. Argued
by Mr. Ronald Butler for the appellants and by Mr. Ellis E. Reid for
the appellees.
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell Paul,
Jr., etc. One hour and forty minutes allowed for oral argument.
Leave granted Mr. Conrad K. Harper to appear and present oral
argument for the petitioners, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Jack
Greenberg. Argument commenced by Mr. Conrad K. Harper for the
petitioners, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court and continued by
Mr. Jerris Leonard for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, and by Mr. James W. Gallman, as amicus curiae, at the
invitation of the Court, in support of the judgment below.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 25, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
488, 528 (and 663), 548, and 749.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1969
290
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice.
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Alvin S. Milder, of Los Angeles, Calif., Sol F. Goldwyn, of Tulsa,
Okla., and Stephen Gambreleng Cowper, of Fairbanks, Alaska, on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Robert W.
Packwood, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. John R. Dellenback;
R. Gordon Nesvig, of Minneapolis, Minn., and John M. Prins, of
Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Clark MacGregor; George
Thomas Poppe, of Los Alamitos, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard
T. Hanna; Keith C. Monroe, of Santa Ana, Calif., on motion of
Mr. James B. Utt; Linda Sher, of Washington, D.C., and Stanley
O. Sher, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Leonard N. Bebcheck;
Milan Moacanin, of Los Angeles, Calif., Carleton G. Eldridge, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., and Thomas H. Ryan, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Milo G. Coerper; John David Appel, of New York,
N.Y., and Robert V. Evans, of Bronxville, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Joseph DeFranco; George F. Douglas, Jr., of Carlisle, Pa., and Henry
Reed Heebner, Jr., of Bryn Mawr, Pa., on motion of Mr. Henry
Reed Heebner; Richard James Wilson, of Ellicott City, Md., on
motion of Mr. Ralph Werner; Charles W. Shepherd, of Edmonds,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Edward J. McCormick; Richard M. Glassner,
of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Stephen Joel Paradise; Brice I.
Bishop, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Bishop;
and Robert A. Levetown, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
William Wood Watson, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 69. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company. On writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of Florida, First District. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, First District,
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
Mr. Justice Fortas and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
340-278-69-72

TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1969
291
No. 641. Reyes Arias Orozco, petitioner, v. Texas. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas for fur-
ther proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Justice White with whom Mr. Justice
Stewart joins. Memorandum of Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 109. Margaret E. Snyder, petitioner, v. Charles Harris and
Earl Kirchhoff. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 117. The Gas Service Company, petitioner, v. Otto R. Coburn,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. Judgment in No. 109 affirmed. Judgment in No. 117
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Fortas with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 647. Sallie M. Hadnott et al., appellants, v. Mabel S. Amos,
etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice White with
whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins dissenting in part.
Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
-
No. In the Matter of James D. Herndon. The decision on the
motion for an order to show cause why Judge Herndon should not be
held in contempt is postponed to await timely initiation and comple-
tion of appropriate proceedings in the United States District Court for
the Middle District of Alabama. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell
Paul, Jr., etc. Argument continued by Mr. James W. Gallman, as
amicus curiae, at the invitation of the Court, in support of the judg-
ment below, by Mr. Conrad K. Harper for the petitioners, pro hac vice,
by special leave of Court and concluded by Mr. Jerris Leonard for the
United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.

TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1969
292
No. 528. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam H. Johnson, et al.; and
No. 663. John P. Traynor and Jerry C. Oosting, Deputy Com-
missioners, petitioners, v. William H. Johnson et al. One hour and
forty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Randall C.
Coleman for petitioners Nacirema Operating Company, Inc., et al.,
by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for petitioners John P. Traynor
and Jerry C. Oosting, by Mr. John J. O'Connor, Jr., for respondents
William H. Johnson and Julia T. Klosek and by Ralph Rabinowitz
for respondent Albert Avery.
No. 548. Roderick Jenkins, appellant, v. John Julien McKeithen
et al. Argued by Mr. J. Minos Simon for the appellant and by Mr.
Ashton L. Stewart for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 26, 1969, will be as follows:
Nos. 749, 573 (and 691), 585, and 770.
Х

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 26, 1969
293
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Watson Caufield Arnold, of Austin, Tex., and Samuel Downing
McDaniel, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough;
Norman R. Carpenter, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Clark
MacGregor; Francis J. Gallagher, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Thomas L. Ashley; Rufus C. Coulter, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion
of Mr. John J. Rhodes; Allen G. Norris, of Fremont, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Paul N. McCloskey, Jr.; Robert C. Oberbillig, of Des Moines,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. John C. Culver; Ronald Marc George, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Guy J. Wells, of Providence, R.I., on motion of
Mr. Lawrence Gerald Wallace; Charles C. Lovell, of Great Falls,
Mont., and Robert L. Woodahl, of Helena, Mont., on motion of Mr.
Bernard J. Waters; Frederick Earl Watson, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman; Frederick F. Holroyd II,
of Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. John Earl Jenkins, Jr.;
Harry Nelson Starbranch, of York, Me., and Hugh James Douds, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Remmel H. Dudley; John F.
Atkinson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. William J. Butler, Jr.;
James B. Ventantonio, of Clifton, N.J., on motion of Mr. Wm. David
Newbern; Peter Ames Eveleth, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Allison W. Brown, Jr.; Edward J. Simerka, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Harry E. Smoyer; and Dillard W. Baker, of Houston,
Tex., and Hugh Lamar Stone, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. John D. Knodell, Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 770. Ted Steven Chimel, petitioner, v. California. The motion
of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted and it is
ordered that Keith C. Monroe, Esquire, of Santa Ana, California, a
member of the Bar of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
340-278-69-73

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 26, 1969
ORAL ARGUMENT
294
No. 749. Adolpho Rodriquez, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. William R. Wallace for the petitioner and by Miss Beatrice
Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 573. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gissel
Packing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 691. Food Store Employees Union, Local No. 347, Amalga-
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-
CIO, petitioner v. Gissel Packing Company, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Dominick L. Manoli for the petitioner in No. 573, by Mr. Albert Gore
for the petitioner in No. 691, by Mr. John E. Jenkins, Jr., for re-
spondent Gissel Packing Company, Inc., by Mr. Lewis P. Hamlin,
Jr., for respondents General Steel Products, Inc., et al., and by Mr.
Frederick F. Holroyd for respondent Hecks, Inc.
No. 585. The Sinclair Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward J. Simerka for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Lawrence G. Wallace for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 27, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
585, 770, and 620.
☑

THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1969
295
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edward S. Cogen, of Washington, D.C., and Benjamin Barry Ter-
ner, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph Davies Tydings;
Ruben Raul Cardenas, of McAllen, Tex., and J. Robert Geiman, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Eligio de la Garza, II; George J.
Gould, of Toledo, Ohio, and Richard F. Ellenberger, of Toledo, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Thomas L. Ashley; Garth F. Steltenpohl, of Salem,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wendell Wyatt; Charles David Kipple, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert R. Casey; J. Robert O'Brien,
of Battle Creek, Mich., on motion of Mr. Garry E. Brown; Jon Frank-
lin Gray, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Tenth T. Marye;
Barbara Crutchfield George, of Long Beach, Calif., Mary Katherine
Schwartz, of Coral Gables, Fla., and Martin S. Schwartz, of Coral
Gables, Fla., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Gerald Wallace; John R.
Vaughan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill;
Stuart Evan Seigel, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Sheldon
S. Cohen; William John Platzer, of Washington, D.C., and Gary
John Hjort, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Alan J. Gould;
James Roy Weathersby, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam P. Cassedy; Anthony Bartholomew Askew, of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. John Franklin Beasley; Gary Owen O'Dowd, of
Santa Fe, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Myles E. Flint; Eugene Andrew
Amelio, of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Ribar; E.
Eugene Davis, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Francis James
O'Hara, Jr.; Francis T. Crowe, of St. Charles, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Richard E. Friedman; Edward Steven Raskin, of Babylon, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Philip J. Yazbeck; Ira Aaron Kipnis, of Chicago, Ill.,
Richard L. Mandel, of Chicago, Ill., and David N. Rosner, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Richard F. Watt; Harry W. Lerch, of Potomac,
Md., and Sanford E. Wool, of Potomac, Md., on motion of Mr. Henry
J. Lerch; James A. Robinson, of Tulsa, Okla., and David P. Holland,
of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Scott; Alan J. Bloom, of
Baltimore, Md., and Harvey A. Blum, of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. Paul H. Weinstein; Jack W. Beddow, of Washington, D.C.,
Thomas W. Harvey, of Huntington, W. Va., and Edward P. McCon-
340-278-69-- 74

THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1969
296
ville, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Emanuel Fein; Burck
Bailey, of Oklahoma City, Okla., and Thomas Joseph Leittem, of
Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. James Davison Fellers; Sidney
Wright, of Houston, Tex., and William T. Conlan, of Boston, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. Philip R. Collins; and Marion O. Gordon, of Atlanta,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Mathew Robins, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 585. The Sinclair Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argument concluded by Mr. Lawrence G. Wallace for
the respondent.
No. 770. Ted Steven Chimel, petitioner, v. California. Argued by
Mr. Keith C. Monroe for the petitioner and by Mr. Ronald M. George
for the respondent.
No. 620. James L. Moore et al., appellants, v. Samuel Shapiro, etc.,
et al. Argued by Mr. Richard F. Watt for the appellants and by Mr.
John J. O'Toole and Mr. Richard E. Friedman for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, March 31, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 31, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
580 (and 813), 163, 841, and 610.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1969
297
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court meets this morning for the sole purpose of paying tribute
to the memory of Dwight D. Eisenhower, the thirty-fourth President
of the United States.
"The passing of General Dwight D. Eisenhower closes an illustrious
chapter of world history. His accomplishments in war and peace dis-
tinguish him as one of the great men of this century.
"As Supreme Military Commander of the Forces of the Free World
during the greatest crisis in world history, he made possible one more
opportunity for honorable and lasting universal peace.
"As a civilian statesman, his dedication was to that cause, and as
President of the United States that became his preoccupation. He was
a civilian at heart and espoused the simple virtues of American life.
He was generous in spirit and action and endowed with a cheerful and
understanding nature that endeared him to people everywhere without
regard to politics or divisive issues.
"General Eisenhower's passing will be mourned by people of good
will throughout the world.
"Out of respect to his memory, the Court will stand adjourned until
ten o'clock tomorrow morning."
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 1, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
580 (and 813), 163, 841, and 610.
✓
340-278-69-75

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
298
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Michael Ira Saltzman, of Washington, D.C., Hugh L. Brown, of
Little Rock, Ark., Merwin McGehee Brandon, Jr., of Bastrop, La.,
Endicott Peabody, of Boston, Mass., Barry S. Greenberger, of New
Brunswick, N.J., Michael Kiey, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Thomas J.
Griffin, of McLean, Va., Herbert D. Schwartzman, of New York, N.Y.,
and David J. Young, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Erwin N. Griswold; Edgar W. Bayliff, of Kokomo, Ind.,
George C. Barnett, of Evansville, Ind., and Edward W. Gass, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke; Morris Atlas, of
McAllen, Tex., and Gary Reagan Gurwitz, of McAllen, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Eligio de la Garza II; Joe E. Kelly, of Victoria, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. John Young; Milton H. Wyner, of Cleveland, Ohio,
and Russell Zachery Baron, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Vanik; Harry Dow Hubbard, of Lansing, Mich., and Eu-
gene F. Townsend, Jr., of Lansing, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles
E. Chamberlain; Robert Louis Davis, of Wichita, Kans., on motion
of Mr. Garner E. Shriver; Adrian E. Herbst, of Bloomington, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Clark MacGregor; Marvin Warlick Carr, of Lub-
bock, Tex., on motion of Mr. George Mahon; William S. Smeed, of
San Jose, Calif., and C. Grant Spaeth, of Palo Alto, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Paul N. McCloskey, Jr.; John O. Young, of Orange, Tex., on
motion of Mr. John Dowdy; James W. Lang, Jr., of Manchester,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William H. Harsha; Ira L. Levinson, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Benjamin S. Rosenthal; Ronald B. Saf-
ren, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. William Leonard Hungate;
Frank W. McCulloch, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dom-
inick Manoli; Frederick M. Kal, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence Speiser.
Heartsill Ragon, of Fort Smith, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee
Williams; Hillel Joseph Hoffman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mrs. Maria L. Marcus; Herbert D. Morrison, of Urbana, Md., on
motion of Mr. Julian Mitchell Brown; Leon A. Beerman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Victor Rabinowitz; Robert F. Rossiter, of Fort
Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Phillip J. Scaletta; Thomas G. Devine,
of Minneapolis, Minn., and Kevin E. Joyce, of Washington, D.C., on
340-278-69-76

.TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
299
motion of Mr. James Lawrence Dooley; Robert M. Parker, of Long-
view, Tex., and J. Carroll Callahan, of Helena, Mont., on motion of
Mr. Dumond Peck Hill; James R. Harper, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Thomas W. Sommer; John R. Grace, of Austin, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Kerns Taylor; Herbert D. Liebman, of Frankfort, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Delmer Ison; John A. Cook, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Peter G. Kuh; Cecil Hicks, of Santa Ana, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Albert W. Harris, Jr.; Thomas F. Tobin, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Michael Waris; Conrad J. Marshall, of McLean, Va., on
motion of Mr. Wilber S. Schantz, Jr.; George A. Finch, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Lawrence; Daniel Ray Coff-
man, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Joseph J. Lyman;
Roberts H. Brown, of Opelika, Ala., and Knox M. McMillan, of Au-
burn, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wendell Mitchell; Russell G. Miller, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Lewis Stanton Garner, Jr.; Charles A.
Magner, of Lanham, Md., on motion of Mr. Soloman Isenstein; and
Thomas A. Demakos, of Jackson Heights, N.Y., and Peter H. Nesdale,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick J. Ludwig, were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 47. Walter B. Foster, petitioner, v. California. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fifth Appellate Dis-
trict. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeal of
California, Fifth Appellate District, for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas.
Mr. Justice White, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
Stewart concur, being unwilling to disagree with the jury on the weight
of the evidence, would affirm the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 273. Russell Scofield et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 76. Philip Cardinale, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisiana. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Writ of certiorari dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Fortas concur in
the dismissal of the writ believing it to have been improvidently
granted.
No. 291. Federal Marine Terminals, Inc., petitioner, v. Burnside
Shipping Company, Limited. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
300
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 880. Emmanual Blaz Mrkonjic-Ruzic, petitioner, v. United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted,
judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of California for further consideration
in light of Alderman v. United States. 394 U.S. —, decided March
10, 1969. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 988. Hotel and Restaurant Employees Union Local No. 556
et al., appellants, v. Daniel Emery and Mileda Emery dba The Main
Diner. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be
noted and case set for oral argument.
No. 1029. John J. DeLury, etc., et al. appellants v. City of New
York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly
presented federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1041. Samuel A. Kaufer, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted and judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Jus
tice Fortas dissent from the affirmance of the judgment. Mr. Justice
Harlan and Mr. Justice White would deny the petition for writ of
certiorari.
No. 1044. Clinton H. Mitchell et al., appellants, v. R. A. Riddell,
District Director of Internal Revenue, et al. Appeal from the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1052. Stanley Nickclich, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
301
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1274, Misc. John Fannon, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Motion to supplement the record granted. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for further
consideration in light of Alderman v. United States, 394 U.S.
decided March 10, 1969. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black
dissents.
No. 1460, Misc. Herbert E. Rose, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1483, Misc. Laurence MacQuarrie, appellant, v. Richard E. Mc-
Laughlin, individually and as Registrar of Motor Vehicles of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts. The judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that prob-
able jurisdiction should be noted and case set for oral argument.
No.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Robert Marcucilli, petitioner, v. United States. The appli-
cation for a stay presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him re-
ferred to the Court, is denied.
-.
No. Bradish G. Morse, petitioner, v. Melvin R. Laird, Secre-
tary of Defense, et al. The application for return of the petitioner to
the United States presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him
referred to the Court, is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Fortas would grant the application.
No. 463. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wyman-
Gordon Company. The motion of the respondent for leave to file a
supplemental brief, after argument, is granted.
No. 610. John L. Sullivan, Tax Commissioner of the State of Con-
necticut, et al., appellants, v. United States et al. The motion of
Stanley Fissel for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 974. James Conway, petitioner, v. California Adult Authority
et al. The motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is
granted, and it is ordered that Charles S. Ralston, Esquire, of San
Francisco, California, a member of the Bar of this Court, be, and
he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in
this case.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
302
No. 1084. Willie Wade, Jr., petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden, et al. The motion of the petitioner for the appointment of
counsel is granted, and it is ordered that Marshall L. Small, Esquire,
of San Francisco, California, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve
as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 1099. Bob Fred Ashe, petitioner, v. Harold R. Swenson, War-
den. The motion of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is
granted, and it is ordered that Clark M. Clifford, Esquire, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, a member of the Bar of this Court,
be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 929. Paul E. Sullivan et al., petitioners, v. Little Hunting Park,
Inc., et al. Motion to use record in No. 1188, October Term, 1967,
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1002. Heinrich C. Horn, petitioner, v. Cia de Navegacion
Fruco, S. A., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1016. L. M. Thomas, Jr., petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1028. Davis Vick and Robert Okey, petitioners, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1031. Marvin J. Morse, petitioner, v. D. A. Hindman et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied; and
No. 1081. Marvin J. Morse, petitioner, v. D. A. Hindman et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 1042. Jasper C. Gould et ux., petitioner, v. American Water
Works Service Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1043. Jerry M. Cohen, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1051. Clifton Forrest, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 1073. Pearl Kozak, petitioner, v. Morris Kozak. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
340-278-69-77

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
303
No. 1080. The Fluor Corporation, Limited, et al., petitioners, v.
Kenneth H. Cunnyngham. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1102. Western Tree Farms, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Hood
River County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 1034. Harper & Row Publishers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Bernard M. Decker, United States District Judge. Motion for leave to
supplement record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1056. Hoke Booth et al., petitioners, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1057. Louis E. Wolfson and Elkin B. Gerbert, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1074. American Home Assurance Company, petitioner, v.
Helen N. Spicer et al. Motion to dispense with printing respondents'
brief denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Misc. Jaime Pagan-Cruz, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 804, Misc. Chester Arthur Schutz, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1004, Misc. Raul Aceves, petitioner, v. California et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1209, Misc. Donald Joseph Cecchini, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1262, Misc. Robert Merton Mutter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1281, Misc. Kenneth Monroe Jones, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1283, Misc. Anthony Fernandez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1291, Misc. Anthony Palumbo, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
304
No. 1299, Misc. Sanford Rudolph Murdock, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1305, Misc. Andres Colon, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1308, Misc. Richard L. Fearing, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1341, Misc. William Francis Maloney et al., petitioners. v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1365, Misc. Thomas M. Maloney, petitioner, v. West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 1385, Misc. Robert Hayes, Jr., petitioner, v. Director, Patuxent
Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1394, Misc. William Hugh Gray, petitioner, v. Lake F. Rus-
sell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1400, Misc. Samuel Veney, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1401, Misc. Earl Veney, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1431, Misc. Michael Williams, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1433, Misc. Theophilus Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Ray
Procunier. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1434, Misc. James Patrick Clarke, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1435, Misc. Alfonso Martinez Valenzuela, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1436, Misc. Henry D. Harris, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 1437, Misc. Joseph C. Adams, petitioner, v. Dale C. Cameron,
Chief of Service, Saint Elizabeths Hospital. Petition for writ of

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
305
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1439, Misc. Jerry Baker, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 1444, Misc. Roy James Metz, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1446, Misc. Theodore Austin Swanson, petitioner, v. Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 1448, Misc. Raymond Trink Barefield, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1451, Misc. Arthur Garrett, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1455, Misc. John Garnett, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1463, Misc. Ben Lewis Ehrlich, petitioner, v. Illinois et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1465, Misc. Charles Lee Mason, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1466, Misc. Edward Dickerson, petitioner, v. A. Frank Lee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1471, Misc. Warren Joe Conrad, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1472, Misc. Manuel Chavez, petitioner, v. J. E. Baker, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1473, Misc. J. L. Lott, petitioner, v. J. E. Baker, Warden. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1478, Misc. John R. Konczak, Jr., petitioner, v. James Meehan
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1479, Misc. Odus Douglas, petitioner, v. E. P. Perini, Super-
intendent, Marion Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
306
No. 1480, Misc. Ray Wayne Pierce, petitioner, v. John W. Turner,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1484, Misc. Kenneth Cantrell, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 1487, Misc. Andrew Garcia Holquin, Jr., petitioner, v. Arizona
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1488, Misc. Tony M. Cota, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1489, Misc. Donald Lee Hancock, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
Division, denied.
No. 1494, Misc. Gerald Allen Carter, petitioner, v. Superior Court,
County of San Bernardino. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 1495, Misc. Jose Rios-Ramirez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1497, Misc. Ralph McFalls, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton, Super-
intendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1505, Misc. William C. Harshaw, Jr., petitioner, v. Harold V.
Field, Superintendent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1506, Misc. Booker T. Hillery, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1507, Misc. William Johnson, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1508, Misc. D. C. Cortman, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 1514, Misc. Kelly Bell, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton, Super-
intendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1516, Misc. Joseph Milton Andrews, petitioner, v. C. C.
Peyton, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
307
No. 1519, Misc. Frank Becton, petitioner, v. J. T. Willingham,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1524, Misc. Orlando Estrada, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1525, Misc. Ben Elder, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 1530, Misc. Charles James Holmes, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1534, Misc. Archie Blyther, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1542, Misc. Leo Noltimier, Jr., petitioner, v. Madalaine Nol-
timier. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minne-
sota denied.
No. 1551, Misc. Bobby Williams, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1552, Misc. Columbus Robinson, petitioner, v. Courtland C.
Peyton, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1553, Misc. Samuel Jordan, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1563, Misc. John Paul Masters, Jr., petitioner, v. Iowa. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 508, Misc. Samuel B. Johnson and Ellis Lahmen, Jr., petition-
ers, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Marshall with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren
joins.
No. 757, Misc. Marvin M. Heath, petitioner, v. Wayne K. Patter-
son, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall are of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 1372, Misc. Charles T. Kopetka, petitioner, v. Jack G. Young,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Min-
nesota and for other relief denied.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
308
No. 1412, Misc. George Albert Mills, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1475, Misc. Leroy Barnett, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1547, Misc. William L. Trest, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1490, Misc. Maximiliano de la Cruz-Martinez, petitioner, v.
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Fortas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1502, Misc. Darwin J. Urry, petitioner, v. Arizona et al.;
No. 1515, Misc. Fred Hanible, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden, et al.; and
No. 1572, Misc. James Mueller, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 738, Misc. Earl L. Coulter, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Fortas is of the opinion
that in treating the papers as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari
should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 770, Misc. James R. Haning, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Kinneary,
Judge, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Ohio;
No. 1503, Mise. Richard A. Lauchli, Jr., petitioner, v. James E.
Nolan, United States District Judge: and
No. 1532, Misc. Charles Eugene McCartney, petitioner, v. Harold
H. Haberkorn, Judge, etc., et al. Mctions for leave to file petitions
for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 1309, Misc. David W. Wion, petitioner, v. Alfred A. Arraj,
Chief Judge, etc., et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus and for other relief denied.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1969
REHEARINGS DENIED
309
No. 735. Vincent P. Brady, petitioner, v. Trans World Airlines,
Inc., et al.;
No. 742, Misc. Robert E. Johnson, petitioner, v. California;
No. 1280, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. New York,
No. 1335, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden, and
No. 1369, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden; and
No. 1340, Misc. Olga Gunzburger, petitioner, v. Washington
Terminal Co., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 735, Misc. Henry Hopkins, Jr., petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 791, Misc. Gerard Peabody, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 7, 1969, until
Monday, April 21, 1969.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 580. George Samuels et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al.; and
No. 813. Fred Fernandez, appellant, v. Thomas J. Mackell, Dis-
trict Attorney, et al. One and one half hours allowed for oral argument.
Argued by Mr. Victor Rabinowitz and Mrs. Eleanor Jackson Piel for
the appellants and by Mr. Frederick J. Ludwig and Mrs. Maria L.
Marcus for the appellees.
No. 163. Evelle J. Younger, appellant, v. John Harris, Jr., et al.
Argued by Mr. Albert W. Harris, Jr., for the appellant and by Mr.
Sam Rosenwein for the appellees.
No. 841. Tommie E. L. Williams, petitioner, v. City of Oklahoma
City et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Jon F. Gray for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Giles K. Ratcliffe for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 2, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
841, 610, 672, 2, and 717.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1969
310
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Hugh G. Hart, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Justice Tom
C. Clark; Morris M. Sherr, of Fresno, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Erwin N. Griswold; Charles F. Horn, of Kettering, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr.; Thomas G. Fisher, of Remington,
Ind., on motion of Mr. William D. Ruckelshaus; William M. Kidd,
of Sutton, W. Va., on motion of Mr. Perry Wilson Woofter; Joseph
Laurent Schraff, of Washington, D.C., and William Theodore Pierson,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. W. Theodore Pierson;
Howard F. Heffron, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Max
N. Berry; Cedric Hustace, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. John
Benjamin Howerton; John J. Stirk, of West Union, Iowa, on motion
of Mr. Peter David Ehrenhaft; and Robert J. McDonnell, of Drexel
Hill, Pa., on motion of Mr. Douglas B. Henderson, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 453. John McMillan Gregg, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 644. Billy Don Franklin Boulden, petitioner, v. William C.
Holman, Warden. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Black, while still adhering
to his dissent in Witherspoon v. Illinois, 391 U.S. 510, 532, acquiesces
in the Court's judgment and opinion. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Marshall join
concurring in part and dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Fortas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 43. William J. McCarthy, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for further pro-
340-278-69-78

'
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1969
311
ccedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 436. Paulette Boudreaux Rodrigue et al., petitioners, v. Aetna
Casualty and Surety Company et al. The parties and the Solicitor
General, as amicus curiae, are invited to file further briefs within thirty
days addressing the following question: "In light of the cases in this
Court relating to the limits of admiralty jurisdiction, such as Phoenix
Construction Co. v. The Steamer Poughkeepsie, 212 U.S. 558, affirming
162 F. 494 (1908 D.C. S.D. N.Y.), and in light of the language and
legislative history of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, does
the Death on the High Seas Act apply to these accidents?" See Pure
Oil Co. v. Snipes, 293 F.2d 60 (C.A. 5th Cir. 1961).
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 841. Tommie E. L. Williams, petitioner, v. City of Oklahoma
City et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Giles K. Ratcliffe for the
respondents.
No. 610. John L. Sullivan, Tax Commissioner of the State of Con-
necticut, et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Argued by Mr. F.
Michael Ahern for the appellants and by Mr. Harris Weinstein for
the appellees.
No. 672. United States, petitioner, v. John P. King. Argued by Mr.
William D. Ruckelshaus for the petitioner and by Mr. Neil B. Kabat-
chnick for the respondent.
No. 2. Red Lion Broadcasting Co., Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Communications Commission et al. Argument commenced by
Roger Robb for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Griswold for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 3, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
2 and 717.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1969
312
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Richard L. King, of Grand Forks, N. Dak., and John Langdon
Breckenridge, of Warren, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Erwin N. Griswold; Edward David Friedman, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Peter Stephen Crane, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James W. Quiggle; E. Robert
Wallach, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles Alvin
Miller; John G. S. Flym, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Lawrence
Speiser; Pierce J. Powers, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Chester Charles Shore; Jerome Ian Chapman, of Washington, D.C.,
and Michael Schneiderman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Abe Krash; James Robertson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Ezekiel G. Stoddard; Karl P. Seuthe, of Los Angeles, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Mark Stephen Rothman; George E. Ashley, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ronald J. Foulis; and Joseph P. Dyer, Jr.,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Anthony Siciliano, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 2. Red Lion Broadcasting Co., Inc., etc., et al., petitioners v.
Federal Communications Commission et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for the respondents and concluded
by Mr. Roger Robb for the petitioners.
No. 717. United States et al., petitioners, v. Radio Television News
Directors Association et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold
for the petitioners and by Mr. Archibald Cox for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, April 7, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
☑
340-278-69-79

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
313
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frank Fishkin, of Sun Valley, Calif., Barnee C. Baxter, Jr., of Au-
gusta, Ga., John Jackson Blackburn, of Ft. Mitchell, Ky., C. Eugene
Schmidt, of Baltimore, Md., Robert A. Barrett, of Detroit, Mich.,
James John Kros, of Omaha, Nebr., Lawrence J. Bracken, of Setau-
ket, N.Y., William H. Thornburgh, of Troy, N.Y., Patrick W. John-
son, of Houston, Tex., Russell A. Eisenberg, of Milwaukee, Wisc., and
S. A. Schapiro, of Milwaukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Erwin N. Griswold; Ruth Loyd Miller, of Jennings, La., and
Minos D. Miller, Jr., of Jennings, La., on motion of Mr. Edwin W.
Edwards; Richard D. Rixner, of Shawnee-Mission, Kans., on motion.
of Mr. Garner E. Shriver; George Fechtig Baughman, of Sarasota,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Wilbur N. Baughman; Harold Wildman Os-
born, of Glen Ellyn, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck;
Prentice P. Pruitt, of Tallahassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Bryce Rea,
Jr., Howard Kaplan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Mitchell
Rogovin; Harold D. Putman, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles M. Johnston; Ned L. Mann, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. A. Alvis Layne; Harvey D. Myerson, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard A. Merrill; Charles H. Miller, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Lewis Bernstein; William Bellew Byrd, of
Paducah, Ky., on motion of Mr. Ralph M. King, Jr.; Garrett N. Wyss,
of Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. John J. Casey; Stuart A.
| White, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas Hayward
Brown; Phillip F. Arrien, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John
Andrew Kennedy, Jr.;
Townsend Mikell Belser, Jr., of Columbia, S.C., on motion of
Mr. E. Russell Lutz; John T. Ronan, III, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Dale E. Murphy; Lloyd Rosenfeld, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Stephen B. Clarkson; Steve Hood Finch, of Owens-
boro, Ky., on motion of Mr. George J. Meiburger; Barry D. Berman,
of Baltimore, Md., David R. Cohan, of Baltimore, Md., George Coch-
ran Doub, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., Howard M. Friedel, of Baltimore,
Md., Richard Jay Himelfarb, of Baltimore, Md., William Hoyt
Holden, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., L. Hollingsworth Pittman, of Balti-
more, Md., and Milton S. Schiller, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of
340-278-69-80

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
314
Mr. George Cochran Doub; John Joseph Gregory, of Washington,
D.C., and Walter J. Landen, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
Werner Windus; William C. Shead, of Houston, Tex., and J. Albert
Pruett, Jr., of Alvin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Eugene Francis Peters;
Robert M. Newell, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert
Paul Stranahan, Jr.; Lee W. Landrum, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Raymond R. Dickey; John Alfred Wade, of Nashville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. James Thomas Martin; Richard P. Nelson,
of Lincoln, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Robert A. Nelson; Richard I.
Marblestone, of Elgin, Ill., on motion of Mr. David L. Rose; Arthur
Francis Carter, of Guilford, Conn., and Cecil W. Williams, of
Emporia, Kans., on motion of Mr. Peter Stockett; Louis M. Kohn, of
Olivette, Mo., and Irving M. Malnik, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. Donald Allen Kaul; C. Wallace Arcand, of Washington, D.C.,
and William Patrick Morris, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Robert Earl Shoun; Karl J. Uebel, of San Francisco, Calif., and
Daniel R. Vaughen, of Deland, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dennis Rex
Hunt;
Ralph P. Loveless, of Mobile, Ala., Darryl Alonzo Adams, of Phoe-
nix, Ariz., Robert Hjalmar Anderson, of Los Angeles, Calif., Lawrence
Everett Beckwith, of Washington, D.C., John S. Irving, of Washing-
ton, D.C., Donald T. Kane, of Washington, D.C., John R. McCaw, Jr.,
of Washington, D.C., Robert S. Perkins, of Washington, D.C., Herbert
O. Roberts, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Robert M. B. Ujevich, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Myron B. Berman, of Miami, Fla., Richard Nathan Fried-
man, of Miami, Fla., Waverly B. Clanton, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Charles
G. Martin, of Chicago, Ill., Edward M. Quinn, of Chicago, Ill., Lloyd
W. Sides, of LaPorte City, Iowa, Irving Leonard Becker, of Baltimore,
Md., Kenneth J. Dyer, of Baltimore, Md., George Edwin Farrell, of
Bethesda, Md., Robert Nathaniel Gordon, of Baltimore, Md., Irving
J. Jacobs, of Baltimore, Md., William David Laudeman, of Balti-
more, Md., John L. Renner, of Randallstown, Md., Walter D. Rubin-
stein, of Baltimore, Md., Harvey J. Siegel, of Baltimore, Md., John
Slachta Slaton, of Baltimore, Md., Frank James Vanatta, of Balti-
more, Md., Robert V. Johnson, of Minneapolis, Minn., John H. Gros-
venor, Jr., of Aurora, Nebr., Stephen E. Geller, of New York, N.Y.;
Morris F. Klein, of New York, N.Y., Daniel Hill Zafern, of New
York, N.Y., Arthur W. Wiener, of Greensboro, N.C., John F. Downie,
of Cleveland, Ohio, Armor H. Hank, of Columbus, Ohio, Ralph H.
Heller, of Columbus, Ohio, Robert Lowell Hill, of Columbus, Ohio,
David Surasky Jr., of Youngstown, Ohio, Lowell G. Wise, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, Charles Lewis Hunnicutt, of Oklahoma City, Okla., Omer
S. Luellen, of Hinton, Okla., Federico A. Cordero, of San Juan, P.R.,
Hal F. Doig, of Philadelphia, Pa., Merna B. Marshall, of Philadelphia,

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
315
Pa., John R. McCaw, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Jerome Robert Richter, of
Philadelphia, Pa., Jerry Scott, of Waynesboro, Tenn., Edward Eugene
Wislon, of Knoxville, Tenn., James A. Martin, III, of Dallas, Tex.,
Albert J. Roberts, of Lubbock, Tex., Herman P. Eberharter, Jr., of
Annandale, Va., Richard H. Jones, of Manassas, Va., William W. Kin-
Kead, of Alexandria, Va., Harry S. Mandel, of Falls Church, Va.,
Thomas A. Mason, Jr., of Portsmouth, Va., John F. O'Neill of Arling-
ton Va., Peter Puidak, of Alexandria, Va., and Stanley M. Stirman, of
Springfield, Va., on motion of Mr. Richard G. Kleindienst; and Charles
Sterling Babcock, of Sheffield, Ala., R. R. Boller, of Elmhurst, Ill.,
John Thomas Burch, Jr., of Richmond, Va.;
Robert E. Cohen, of New York, N.Y., Robert H. Cooley, III, of
Petersburg, Va., Joseph P. Creekmore, of Whiteville, N.C., Richard E.
Cumming, of Ocala, Fla., Richard K. Dahlinger, of San Francisco,
Calif., David Coit Davies, of Portland, Oreg., Ronald W. Davis, of
Wilmington, N.C., Ned E. Felder, of Charleston, S.C., Edwin A.
Gajeski, of Detroit, Mich., Stanley J. Glod, of Washington, D.C., Strat-
ton R. Heath, Jr., of Forest Grove, Oreg., Charles Gohmert Hoff, Jr.,
of Cotulla, Tex., John Frederick Lymburner, of Bar Harbor, Me.,
Joseph C. Malinoski, Jr., of New Smyrna Beach, Fla., Peter John
McGovern, of New York, N.Y., Joseph Albert Moreland, Jr., of Mor-
gantown, W. Va., Charles Robert Murray, of Miami, Fla., Albert S.
Rakas, of Chicago, Ill., Gordon F. Rohn, of Fond Du Lac, Wis., Lewis
J. Rose, of Corinth, N.Y., Richard P. Runke, Jr., of Cedar Rapids,
Iowa, and Curtis L. Tracy, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr.
Kenneth J. Hodson, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 293. Robert Eli Stanley, appellant, v. Georgia. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Georgia for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mar-
shall. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice White join
concurring in the result.
No. 30. James C. Kirkpatrick, Secretary of State of Missouri, et al.,
appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.; and
No. 31. F. V. Heinkel et al., appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Missouri. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins in these cases and
in No. 238, post. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White in these cases
and in No. 238, post.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
316
No. 238. David I. Wells, appellant, v. Nelson A. Rockefeller, as
Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judg-
ment reversed insofar as it approved the plan for use in the 1970 elec-
tion and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for the entry of a new judgment in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins in
this case and in Nos. 30 and 31, ante. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
White in this case and in Nos. 30 and 31, ante.
No. 306. Fortner Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
Steel Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Western District
of Kentucky with directions to let the suit proceed to trial. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Fortas with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 844. Paul G. Stephan et ux., appellants, v. State Tax Com-
missioner of Delaware. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Delaware.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 857. Wayne L. Soszka appellant, v. Joseph Nick Manganaro
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Hawaii. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied: Opinion per curiam.
No. 984, Misc. John Paul Anderson, appellant, v. South Carolina.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of South Carolina and for other
relief. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certio-
rari, certiorari is denied. Request for other relief denied. Opinion
per curiam.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
317
No. 1146, Misc. Fred D. Davis, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California for a further hearing on such evidence as the
petitioner may present on the question of his right to appeal. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 1425, Misc. Roosevelt Rollerson, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia for further consideration in light of Kaufman v.
United States, 394 U.S. -, decided March 24, 1969. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Fortas concurs in the disposition but notes that the
Court's action does not imply any view as to the merits of any of the
petitioner's claims including his assertions as to double jeopardy. Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart dissent.
No.-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
William A. Young, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee. The
application for bail is denied.
No. 1675, Misc. Rudolph Saavedra, petitioner, v. Connecticut. The
application for stay and for admission to bail presented to Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED OR POSTPONED
No. 876. Daulton Mann, appellant, v. Vermont Educational Build-
ings Financing Agency. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Vermont.
Motion of the College of Saint Joseph the Provider for leave to file
a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of jurisdiction in this case is postponed to the heariing of the case
on the merits, and case placed on the summary calendar. The parties
are directed to express their views as to whether there is presented a
genuine case or controversy.
No. 1064. North Carolina, appellant, v. Henry C. Alford. Appeal
from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Mo-
tion of appellee for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. In
this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 909, Misc. Rector Simmons, Jr., et ux., appeellants, v. West
Haven Housing Authority. Appeal from the Appellate Division of the
340-278-69-81

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
318
Circuit Court of Connecticut. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. In this case probable jurisdiction noted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellated docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 861. Frederick T. Zuber et al., petitioners, v. Russell Allen
et al.; and
No. 1076. Clifford M. Hardin, Secretary of Agriculture, petitioner,
v. Russell Allen et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allotted for oral argument.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
these petitions.
No. 1024. United States, petitioner, v. James A. White. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1079. Sara Baird, petitioner, v. State Bar of Arizona. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 691, Misc. Lee Arthur Hester, petitioned v. Illinois. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted. Case transferred to
the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 944. John Raymond Finchum, Sr., petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 1015. Ambry D. Allen, Jr., petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1049. Weatherford Oil Tool Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1062. Joseph A. Riso, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 1065. Theoplis Crockett et al., petitioners, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1066. Irving Rosen and Sidney A. Kanter, petitioners, v. East-
ern Airlines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
319
No. 1068. Phoenix Newspapers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Wade
Church. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 1072. William Nocholas Karcher, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1077. Richard D. Williams, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1082. Ohio Citizens Trust Company, Trustee, et al., petitioners
v. Lear Jet Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1086. MICR-Shield Company et al., petitioners, v. The First
National Bank of Miami. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1087. Holbrook Thayer Ashton, II, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1088. The Offshore Company, petitioner, v. G & H Offshore
Towing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1097. Gene Hickman, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1182. Howard Yeager, Warden, petitioner, v. Mortimer L.
Schultz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 358. Jack Douglas et al., petitioners, v. Massachusetts. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 784. Arnold George Sandbank, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 893. Arthur B. Kons, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Tahash, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 977. Sidney R. Wright, petitioner, v. Washington. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1039. M. Elizabeth Gair, petitioner, v. Robert L. Gill et al.
Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
320
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 52, Misc. Daniel Allen Roberts, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 534, Misc. Jack Johnson, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 562, Misc. Jesse Rodriquez, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 776, Misc. Everett Edmond Rhodes, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 929, Misc. Ulysses Walker, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1018, Misc. Armando Garza-Fuentes and Thomas Elizalde-
Guereca, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1315, Misc. Edward Cardenas Sanchez, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1366, Misc. Robert G. Pearson, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1380, Misc. O. C. Brown, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1386, Misc. William J. Miller, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 1402, Misc. Lloyd Vallee, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1393, Misc. Arthur Mares, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1407, Misc. Raymond Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1458, Misc. Nathan Malbrue, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
321
No. 1464, Misc. Clifford Noel Peek, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1474, Misc. Robert Ronald Barrett, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1476, Misc. Joe Elder, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1511, Misc. William Randolph Cinnamon, petitioner, v. Joe
Eaton, Sheriff, Jefferson County, Kentucky. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1512, Misc. Mike R. Parga, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1520, Misc. Jess Lafayette Bronson, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1523, Misc. James Arthur Jackson, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1526, Misc. William Joseph Schweitzer, petitioner, v. George
A. Kropp, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1527, Misc. Sebastian Ortega-Lira, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1529, Misc. John Richard (Dick) Anderson, petitioner, v. Ray
H. Page, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1535, Misc. Thomas Franklin, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 1538, Misc. Malcus T. Clemons, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1544, Misc. Sam Tassone, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1555, Misc. Rudolph James Anderson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
322
No. 1564, Misc. Paul E. Rhodes, petitioner, v. Lumbermans Mu-
tual Casualty Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1571, Misc. Fred Propp, Jr., petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1593, Misc. Joseph C. Adams, petitioner, v. Edward J. Bren-
ner, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 1608, Misc. Robert Montague, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1609, Misc. Frank Hale Bennett, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1610, Misc. Charles Delgado, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1613, Misc. Richard Anderson, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto,
Superintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 640, Misc. Jesse Luna, petitioner, v. George J. Beto, Director,
Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1138, Misc. Kenneth Wayne Cleaver, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1266, Misc. Theodosios Theodores Tzantarmas, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1655, Misc. Ex parte Kenneth W. Adams, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1620, Misc. Lynward James Daye, Jr., petitioner, v. John D.
Larkins, Jr. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1969
REHEARINGS DENIED
323
No. 262. Joseph Naples, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell, Warden;
No. 587. John Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. Leroy N. Stynchcombe,
Sheriff of Fulton County;
No. 851. Sidney J. Gefen, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 879. Leo Henzel, petitioner, v. Florida; MR. JUSTICE FORTAS TOOK
No. 882. Thomas R. Reddy, petitioner, v. United States; NO PART IN THE
No. 885. Joseph Daniel Holt, petitioner, v. United States; CONSIDERAtion
No. 903. Bailey's Bakery, Ltd., petitioner, v. Continental Baking PETITION
Company et al.;
OF This
No. 909. Elmer Hahn, petitioner, v. Kentucky Alcoholic Beverage
Control Board et al.;
No. 1185, Misc. Gilbert Lewis Spears, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1198, Misc. Philip B. Chambers et ux., petitioners, v. Colonial
Pipeline Company;
No. 1330, Misc. Bernard Martin Zide, petitioner, v. Florida; and
No. 1342, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 878. Serta Associates, Inc., appellant, v. United States, Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
ASSIGNMENT ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Jus-
tice Clark (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals on April 9, 1969, and for such
further time as may be required to complete unfinished business, pur-
suant to 28 U.S.C. § 294 (a), is ordered entered on the minutes of this
Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
Adjourned until Monday, April 21, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 21, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
138, 130, 228, and 574.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
324
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Michael James Sullivan, of San Francisco, Calif., Roger Sandberg
Hanson, of Woodland Hills, Calif., William T. Brooks, of Bethesda,
Md., Jerome E. Rosen, of Boston, Mass., Robert Eugene Glass, of
Washington, D.C., and Harry H. Almond, Jr., of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold; Joseph E.
Michael, Jr., of Rochester, N.H., on motion of Mr. Norris Cotton;
Richard Von Dean Bennett, of Indianapolis, Ind., James B. Droege,
of Indianapolis, Ind., William D. Powell, of Evansville, Ind., and
William G. Grief, of Evansville, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke;
Floyd V. Smith, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Brockman
Adams; James Brownie Pilcher, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Benj. B. Blackburn, III; Frederic S. Crump, of Lakeport, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert L. Leggett; Gordon August Olsson, of Modesta,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall: Sheldon D. Frank, of Mil-
waukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Henry R. Reuss; Theodore Lorraine
Sendak, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William D. Ruckels-
haus; Ted J. Davis, of Oklahoma City, Okla., and Thomas Blue Mc-
Gee, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne:
Russel X. Thompson, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Clifford
Davis; Morris M. Hatchett, of St. Louis, Mo., Norman Niles Aerenson,
of Wilmington, Del., Sidney Balick, of Wilmington, Del., and Thomas
P. Clarke, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Belford V. Lawson;
Michael N. Sohn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Norton J.
Come; Lee Davis Thames, of Vicksburg, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm.
Ephraim Cresswell; William T. Lifland, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; Albin E. Danell, of Los Altos, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck.
Ronald S. Goldfarb, of New York, N.Y., and Arthur R. Greenberg,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank E. G. Weil; Patrick
Joseph Basial, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Louis L. Manderino, of Monessen,
Pa., and John J. Sciullo, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Herman
Wolkinson; Phillip Bordages, of Beaumont, Tex., and Robert Paul
Walker, of Port Arthur, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Philip Carlson;
Rupert J. Brady, of Bethesda, Md., and Alan W. Borst, of Mamaro-
340-278-69-82

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
325
neck, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur Lee Quinn; Richard P. Mahoney,
of Minneapolis, Minn. on motion of Mr. Eloi Bauers; Burton W.
Gerrig, of Revere, Mass., Chester Shatz, of Washington, D.C., and
Marvin Harold Seigel of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Justinus
Gould; Walter Arnold Baker, of Glasgow, Ky., and David Lindsay
Proffitt, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Lew D. Brundage; Stelvio
W. Zanolli, of McLean, Va., and John A. McGuinn, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Guy Farmer; Thomas M. Jacobson of Mil-
waukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Jack Greenberg; George H. Ferrell,
of Corning, N.Y., Burton R. Turner, of Corning, N.Y., Richard N.
Wardell, of Big Flats, N.Y., Clinton Searl Janes, Jr., of Corning, N.Y.,
and Gerhard K. Adam, of Corning, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter
S. Zehrowski; Isadore E. Binstock, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Harry M. Plotkin; William M. Cohen, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Lester Bridgeman; William Edwin Cumberland, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Donald Cefaratti, Jr., Roy R.
Bartlett, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Daniel O. Omer; Donald
Ellsworth La Mora, of Colorado Springs, Colo., and William A. Rus-
sell, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Joseph Bradley Blake;
Keith Fogus Sparks, of Roseville, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jeremiah C.
Waterman; C. Owen Dooley, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
A. Owsley Stanley, Jr.; Hubert Thurschwell, of Ardmore, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Robert M. Lichtman; Ruth S. Barbee, of Kensington,
Md., on motion of Mr. Norman C. Paulson; Barry Jay Kesselman, of
Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Seymour E. Siegel.
John Stewart Elliott, of Beatrice, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Joe L.
Johnson; Harold J. Sullivan, of Winter Park, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Felix Eugene Sklagen; John Dale Sibley, of Okolona, Miss., and
James Edwin Upshaw, of Hernando, Miss., on motion of Mr. William
G. Allen; Frances C. Kissell, of Boston, Mass., and John F. Shea, of
Weymouth, Mass., on motion of Mr. Milton P. Shore; Alvin L. Stern,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Melvin J. Tublin; Donald L.
Morgan, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert C. Barnard;
Raymer F. Maguire, Jr., of Orlando, Fla., and Maxwell W. Wells,
Jr., of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Maxwell W. Wells, Sr.; Michael
Porter Bentzen, of Washington, D.C., and Richard W. Madsen, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Norman J. Laboe; and Burton
Louis Schafer, of Boston, Mass., and Lewis P. Aronson, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. George Kaufmann, were admitted to practice..
OPINIONS
No. 280. United States, petitioner, v. Skelly Oil Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
326
District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma for re-entry of
the original judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Stewart
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 9. Bernard Shapiro, Commissioner of Welfare of the State of
Connecticut, appellant, v. Vivian Thompson. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Connecticut;
No. 33. Walter E. Washington et al., appellants, v. Clay Mae Le-
grant et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia; and
No. 34. Roger A. Reynolds et al., appellants, v. Juanita Smith
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice Black
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 5. Sidney Street, appellant, v. New York. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals of New York for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas.
The Chief Justice said:
"We will pause a moment to record orally the passing of a notable
event in the history of the Court.
"Since our last session, Mr. Justice Douglas passed an important
milestone in his judicial career. On April 17th, he completed thirty
years of distinguished service on this Court. Only ten others in the long
history of the Court have achieved that distinction-John Marshall,
Roger Brooke Taney, Bushrod Washington, Joseph Storey, William
Johnson, John McLean, James M. Wayne, Stephen J. Field, John
Harlan, and Hugo L. Black. Of these eleven, only Justice Douglas
and Justice Black were appointed in this century.
"When Justice Douglas came to the Court, Volume 306 of the United
States Reports was being written. We are now working on Volume 393,
which indicated his work is to be found in almost one-fourth of all the
Volumes of our Reports.
"He has written on almost every conceivable issue, and in this
dynamic era he has contributed greatly to the jurisprudence of the
Court. We wish him years of continued success and happiness in his
service to the Court.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
The Chief Justice said:
327
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 582. Continental Casualty Company et al., appellants, v. The
Robertson Lumber Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
North Dakota. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 834. Catherine T. Pendergraft, appellant, v. Mississippi. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opnion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1040. Norfolk Monument Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Wood-
lawn Memorial Gardens, Incorporated, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed,
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr.
Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall are of the opinion that
certiorari should be denied.
No. 1045. Peter Ottley, as President, and Peter Byrne, as Secre-
tary-Treasurer of Local 144, Hotel & Allied Service Employees Union,
etc., appellants, v. The Long Island College Hospital. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1047. City of Chicago et al., appellants, v. United States et al.;
and
No. 1048. Illinois Central Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
City of Chicago et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois. The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1092. Samuel Emanuel, etc., et al., appellants, v. Harold Chap-
ple, Testamentary Executor of the Succession of Joe Wilson. Appeal
from the Court of Appeal of Louisiana, Second Circuit. The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdic-

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
328
tion. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1121. Estes Express Lines et al., appellants, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia. The motions to affirm are granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1125. Samuel Emanuel, etc., et al., appellants, v. Harold Chap-
ple, Testamentary Executor of the Succession of Joe Wilson. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed from want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certio-
rari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1128. Consolidated Copperstate Lines, appellant, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 1141. Strickland Transportation Company, Inc., appellant, v.
United States et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Central District of California. The motions to affirm are
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 807, Misc. Willie T. Jones, petitioner, v. Florida. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Third District. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District,
for further consideration in light of Bruton v. United States, 391 U.S.
123, and Roberts v. Russell, 392 U.S. 293. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1107, Misc. Robert Watts, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia for the entry of a judgment of acquittal. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Stewart would deny the petition for certiorari.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice White dis-
sents. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan joins.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. . Louis A. Negre, petitioner, v. Stanley R. Larsen, Com-
manding General, Sixth United States Army, et al. The application
for stay and alternative writ of mandate presented to Mr. Justice
Douglas, and by him referred to the Court, is denied. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
340-278-69-
-83

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
329
No. 776. Utah Public Service Commission, appellant, v. El Paso
Natural Gas Company et al. The motion of appellant to dismiss the
appeal under Rule 60 and the motion of William M. Bennett for a
hearing are set for oral argument on April 29, 1969. The Solicitor
General is invited to file a brief and present oral argument if he so
desires, Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart dissent, believing
that the action taken by the Court abuses its own processes. See Rule
60. Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas and Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this matter.
No. 1113. The Telephone Users Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
The Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia et al. The
motion to dispense with printing the petition is denied and the Clerk
is directed to proceed under Rule 39(4) of the Rules of this Court.
No. 1115. C. Murray Henderson, Warden, petitioner v. George
Monroe Pryor. The motion to dispense with printing the petition is
denied and the Clerk is directed to proceed under Rule 39(4) of the
Rules of this Court. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 634. Mae Wheeler et al., appellants, v. John Montgomery, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case
placed on summary calendar. The Solicitor General is invited to file a
brief expressing the views of the United States.
No. 675. United States, appellant, v. James D. Knox. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas.
In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar. Case set for oral argument immediately following
No. 934.
No. 1120. Jack R. Goldberg, Commissioner of Social Services of
the City of New York, appellant, v. John Kelly et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the
summary calendar. Case set for oral argument immediately follow-
ing No. 634. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing
the views of the United States.
CERTORARI GRANTED
No. 976. The Choctaw Nation and The Chickasaw Nation, pe-
titioners, v. Oklahoma et al.; and
No. 1104. The Cherokee Nation or Tribe of Indians in Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. Oklahoma et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
330
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted. Cases
consolidated and a total of two hours allotted for oral argument.
No. 1133. Elmer E. Mills and Louis Susman, petitioners, v. The
Electric Autolite Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar. The Solicitor General is
invited to file a brief expressing the views of the United States.
No. 668, Misc. Melvin Morales, petitioner, v. New York. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of New York granted. Case transferred
to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 902. Sherman T. Irwin, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 996. Arthur F. Burhoe, petitioner, v. Anthony Julian, Judge,
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1032. Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company
of Chicago, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1037. Elmer D. Russell, petitioner, v. Mutual of Omaha In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1085. Morris Zudick, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1090. Paul Joseph McMenama, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1094. William L. Borchert, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1098. Potomac Cooperators, Inc., and Alexander Hassan, pe-
titioners, v. American Security & Trust Co., Trustee in Reorganization.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1100. International Woodworkers of America, AFL-CIO,
et al., petitioners, v. Masonite Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 1105. Irving A. Berk dba Berk Trade School, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
331
No. 1107. Robert Woodrow Wilson, petitioner v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1108. Jack O. Chertkof, petitioner, v. Harry C. Weiskittel Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 1117. E. Arthur Barrows et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1119. United States for the use and benefit of The Trane Co.,
petitioner, v. Benjamin Gelman dba Gelco Builders et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1122. The Fund of Funds, Ltd., petitioner, v. Ethel Roth. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1136. Glens Falls Insurance Co., petitioner, v. Nationwide Mu-
tual Insurance Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Montana denied.
No. 1137. Sam Haber, petitioner, v. Samuel Greason. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1139. Gulf Stevedore Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Bert-
ram A. Watson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1151. Broadview Chemical Corporation, petitioner, v. Loctite
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 887. 3259 M Street, Inc., petitioner, v. The Citizens Associa-
tion of Georgetown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 897. Francis G. Coates, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission; and
No. 937. Harold B. Kline, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice White in No. 937.
No. 1009. Johnnie Mae Jones Daniels, petitioner, v. Michigan. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Michigan denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
332
No. 1061. Walter D. Teague III, et al., petitioners, v. Regional
Commissioner of Customs, Region II, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas joins.
No. 1070. Frank Peter Balistrieri, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1093. Best Medium Publishing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Melvin
Varnish. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
FF
No. 1095. Jerry J. Acu et al., petitioners, v. United Papermak-
ers and Paperworkers, AFL-CIO, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1112. William Leighton, etc., petitioner, v. The One William
Street Fund, Inc., et al. Motion of petitioner to require certification of
additional portions of appendix granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to United States Court of Appeals for Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration of decision of this
motion and petition.
No. 1116. William E. Bufalino, petitioner, v. The Michigan Bell
Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Mar-
shall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1129. Motorists Mutual Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Te-
resa Simpson, Administratrix, etc. Motion to dispense with printing
respondent's brief granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Fortas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1135. Francis J. Kaufman, petitioner, v. The New York Cen-
tral Railroad Company. Motion to change title of respondent from
the New York Central Railroad Company to the New York Central
Railroad Company, now known as Penn Central Company, granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 627, Misc. Robert G. LeMaster, petitioner, v. Texas et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 943, Misc. Thomas Odell Hayes, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
333
No. 964, Misc. Ben Junior Edwards, petitioner, v. Kansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 973, Misc. James Wideman, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 1119, Misc. Bernita Moore Lawhon, petitioner, v. Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 1179, Misc. David Eugene Maestas, petitioner, v. Utah. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 1302, Misc. Ronald H. Ramer, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1352, Misc. Richard Anthony Capaldo, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1361, Misc. John C. Meyer, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1427, Misc. Jack Silver, petitioner, v. Fred R. Dickson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1438, Misc. Grady Welton Black, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1442, Misc. Dennis Patrick Mower, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1449, Misc. Raymond L. Reese, petitioner, v. R. W. Meier,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1450, Misc. Norman Horton, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1461, Misc. Melvin Camak, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1462, Misc. Elmer Joseph Crachy, petitioner, v. George A.
Kropp, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1477, Misc. Charles Dillard Carter, petitioner, v. Virginia. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
334
No. 1482, Misc. William Harrison, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1492, Misc. Willie Lee Williams, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1500, Misc. William Amos Jones, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1501, Misc. Joie Silva, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field, Super-
intendent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 1531, Misc. James Leo DeLorme and Douglas Loft Whitsitt,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1539, Misc. Antonio Herrera Rodriguez, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1541, Misc. Augustus Geeter, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1545, Misc. Mervin C. McKinney, petitioner, v. Joseph Boyle
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1550, Misc. Joseph Dowling, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1556, Misc. Brendon John Scott, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1566, Misc. Leroy Elisha Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1581, Misc. L. T. Fields, Jr., petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1583, Misc. Harry L. Hansen, petitioner, v. Utah. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 1592, Misc. Jerry Sumlin, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1598, Misc. J. T. Carr, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
335
No. 1601, Misc. Acklee Harrell, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1602, Misc. Clarence Edward Broussard, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1629, Misc. Bernard Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 1640, Misc. Alice Olenin, petitioner, v. Curtin & Johnson, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1641, Misc. Bernard Brown, petitioner, v. Courtland C. Pey-
ton, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1649, Misc. James D. Brotze, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 732, Misc. Frank M. Rich, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 751, Misc. Alfred McKnight, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice White are of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted and judgment reversed.
No. 1570, Misc. Jose Rubio, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1574, Misc. Rocco Salvatore Lupino, petitioner, v. Jack
Young, Warden;
No. 1669, Misc. Myles L. Madison, petitioner, v. Washington et al.;
and
No. 1723, Misc. William J. Stone, petitioner, v. Mose Trujillo,
Sheriff of the City and County of Denver, et al. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writ of habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1184, Misc. James Tyler and Sylvia Tyler, petitioners, v. Joe
McDONALD Ingraham, Judge, etc., et al;
AND

MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
336
No. 1504, Misc. Arthur F. Burhoe, petitioner, v. Anthony Julian,
Judge, United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts;
and
No. 1585, Misc. Henry Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. Supreme Court
of Illinois. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
RHEARING DENIED
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 964. Inter National Bank of Miami, petitioner, v. J. H. Brock,
Trustee, et al.: and
No. 987. Alameda Conservation Association, petitioner, v. City of
Alameda et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 317. Americo Di Pietto et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for rehearing filed on behalf of Di Pietto, Infelice and Santucci
denied.
No. 562. Ralph Richard Benson, petitioner, v. Leland C. Carter,
Probation Officer of Los Angeles County, et al.; and
No. 595. Earl R. Hinger, petitioner, v. City of Piqua. Motions for
leave to file petitions for rehearings denied.
No. 752. Milton Frank Allen Publications Inc., petitioner, v.
Georgia Association of Petroleum Retailers Inc. Motion for leave to file
second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 792. Saul I. Birnbaum, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1011. W. H. Pat O'Bryan, petitioner, v. Stephen S. Chandler,
Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Oklahoma. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted.
Petition for writ of rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no
part in the consideration or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 656, Misc. Ronald L. Reece, petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 901, Misc. Wilson Jay Watson, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent, California Conservation Center, et al.;
No. 1276, Misc. Watson Woodson Jennison, Jr., petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 1332, Misc. William Joseph McGurrin, petitioner, v. John
Shovlin, Superintendent, Fairview State Hospital;
No. 1362, Misc. James Wm. Smith, petitioner, v. Melvin R. Laird,
U.S. Secretary of Defense; and

1
MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1969
337
No. 1469, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. Vincent R.
Mancusi, Warden. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 971, Misc. Eugene Lynch, petitioner, v. David R. Landy, Dep-
uty Commissioner, Bureau of Employees' Compensation, United States
Department of Labor, et al. Petition for rehearing and for other relief
denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. Argued by Mr. Arthur Kinoy and Mr. Herbert O.
Reid for the petitioners and by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the respondents.
No. 130. Christine Sniadach, petitioner, v. Family Finance Cor-
poration of Bay View et al. Argued by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the
petitioner and by Mr. Sheldon D. Frank for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 22, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
228, 574, 624, and 670.

TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1969
338
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice.
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Morton Richard Kimmel, of Wilmington, Del., L. Vincent Ramun-
no, of Wilmington, Del., Edward Z. Sobocinski, of Wilmington, Del.,
and Melvyn A. Woloshin, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr.
James Caleb Boggs; Ronald Gilbert Birch, of Juneau, Alaska, on
motion of Mr. Theodore Fulton Stevens; Theodore S. Holtz, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, and A. Albert Perelman, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Louis Stokes; Cleveland J. Marcel, Sr., of Houma, La., Joseph
Louis Watkins, Jr., of Houma, La., and Daniel Charles Wiemann, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Patrick T. Caffery; David C.
McClung, of Honolulu, Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Spark M. Matsu-
naga; James L. Alfveby, of Minneapolis, Minn. and John B. Halloran,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettman, Jr.;
Renée Rubin, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Donald
S. Dawson; Charles O. Campbell, of Washington, D.C., and Marion
Robert Neely, of Iowa City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. David Kammer-
man; Howard C. Nolan, Jr., of Albany, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Charles R. LaRouche; James Peter Mercurio, of University City,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner; Charles K. Higle, of Detroit,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold Alfred Cranefield; Amy H. Juviler,
of New York, N.Y., and James H. Kline, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William Ellis James; Louise H. Renne, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward Patrick O'Brien; H. Alan
Young, of Washington, D.C., and Stuart B. Young, of Wilmington,
Del., on motion of Mr. H. Albert Young; Clifford N. Carlsen, Jr., of
Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Berl I. Bernhard; Paul M. Coble,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Eugene Isaak Lambert; Wil-
liam Walker Scott, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James F.
Rill; William P. Quinn, of Jenkintown, Pa., on motion of Mr. Martin
J. Flynn; and Gaillard Thomas Hunt, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Wallace Edward Brand, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 643. Martin Rene Frazier, petitioner, v. H. C. Cupp, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
340-278-69
-84

TUESDAY, APRIL 22, 1969
339
Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall.
Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the re-
sult. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 645. John Davis, petitioner, v. Mississippi. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Mississippi for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 228. John T. Willingham and C. A. Jarvis, petitioners, v.
Daniel Morgan. Argued by Mr. Francis X. Beytagh, Jr., for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Joseph M. Snee for the respondent.
No. 574. United States, petitioner, v. Estate of Joseph P. Grace,
Deceased, et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for the
petitioner and by Mr. William S. Downard for the respondents.
No. 624. Clyde A. Perkins, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
of California. Argument commenced by Mr. Earl W. Kintner for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. George R. Kucik for the petitioner
and by Mr. Richard J. MacLaury for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 23, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
624, 670, 750, 701, and 705.
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1969
340
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Richard L. Kuhlman, of Fremont, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Roman L.
Hruska; John R. Faust, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., and David J. Krieger,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Packwood; Harvey H.
Starkoff, of Cleveland, Ohio, and John Milton Widder, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Irving Lee Faught, of Okla-
homa City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Donald
David Weinstein, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. John S. Mar-
tin, Jr.; Lawrence A. Passarella, of Melrose Park, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Vincent Paul Russo; Kenneth Richard Edsall, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John Ormasa; Calvin Kolle Ashland, of
Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. S. David Rubenstein; Warren N.
Williams, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Allen Kirkpatrick
III; John S. Stephan, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Albert E.
Stephan; Harold Todd Tredway, of Downey, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Russell Chapin; Carroll A. Morley, of Deal, N.J., on motion of Mr.
James S. Cramer; John D. Clements, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Robert M. Nutt; and William Edward Skinner, of Selma, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Walter L. Lewis, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 463. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wyman-
Gordon Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
with directions to reinstate its judgment. Mr. Justice Fortas announced
the judgment of the Court and delivered an opinion in which Mr.
Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White join.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Brennan and
Mr. Justice Marshall join concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 473. John H. Bingler, District Director of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard E. Johnson et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment re-
340-278-69-85

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23, 1969
341
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Western District of Pennsylvania to reinstate its judgment. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart. Mr. Justice Douglas would affirm the judgment
for reasons stated by the Court of Appeals in 396 F. 2d 258.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 624. Clyde A. Perkins, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
of California. Argument continued by Mr. Richard J. MacLaury for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Earl W. Kintner for the pe-
titioner.
No. 670. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. California. Argued by Mr.
Thomas J. Klitgaard for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward P. O'Brien
for the respondent.
No. 750. Glenn Martin Harrington, petitioner, v. California.
Argued by Mr. Roger S. Hanson for the petitioner and by Mr. James
H. Kline for the respondent.
No. 701. Gaston County, North Carolina, appellant, v. United
States. Argument commenced by Mr. Grady B. Stott for the appellant
and continued by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 24, 1969, will be as follows: Nos.
701, 705, 791, and 830.
Х

THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1969
342
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
George Edward Wilson, of Willingboro, N.J., on motion of Mr.
Joseph E. Donahue; Gordon F. DeHart, of Aurora, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Bernard J. Waters; John D. Crawford, of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Earl R. Stanley; Soma F. Baldwin, of Santa Maria, Calif.,
and Ted Bushman, of Santa Maria, Calif., on motion of Mr. Larry A.
Conrad; John Knox Keyes, of Collins, Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm.
Ephraim Cresswell; John Marshall Sink, of Santa Barbara, Calif.,
on motion of Miss Priscilla Holmes; Jerry J. Williams, of San Diego,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Florian Bartosic; Frank Will Lane, Jr., of
Talladega, Ala., on motion of Mr. Harold Franklin McCart, Jr.;
Michael J. McMorrow, of Buffalo, N.Y., and Michael J. McMorrow,
of Buffalo, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter Franklin Norris; Gerald
Jay Rachelson, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Allen G. Siegel;
Leonard H. Cohen of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William R.
Lichtenberg; Donald Clough Christ, of Port Washington, N.Y.,
Michael Anthony Cooper, of New York, N.Y., and Michael Mason
Maney, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Arthur H. Dean; and
Ecton R. Manning, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Michael N. Pollett of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Marvin M. Karpatkin, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 701. Gaston County, North Carolina, appellant, v. United
States. Argument concluded by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the
appellee.
No. 705. Joseph Q. Cipriano, appellant, v. City of Houma et al.
Argued by Mr. Kenneth Watkins for the appellant and by Mr. Eugene
E. Huppenbauer, Jr., for the appellees.
No. 791. Ronald L. Crane, petitioner, v. Cedar Rapids and Iowa
City Railway Company. Argued by Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr.,
for the petitioner and by Mr. William M. Dallas for the respondent.
No. 830. Dale E. Noyd, petitioner, v. Charles R. Bond, Jr., etc.,
et al. Argued by Mr. Marvin M. Karpatkin for the petitioner and by
Mr. James van R. Springer for the respondents.
340-278-69-86

THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1969
Adjourned until Monday, April 28, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
343
The day call Monday, April 28, 1969, will be as follows: Nos. 798
(and 997).

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
344
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Ste-
wart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS to the Bar
Lois Arnold Bergmans, of Berkeley, Calif., Samuel D. Phillips, Jr.,
of West Palm Beach, Fla., Edward Francis O'Malley, of Belleville,
Ill., Charles W. Bone, of Ypsilanti, Mich., Vincent P. Milaccio, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., Aubrey M. Kerr, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
Michael Lehman Temin, of Philadelphia, Pa., Carolyn Engel Temin,
of Philadelphia, Pa., Russell E. Vorpagel, of Loomis, Calif., and
Zelotes S. Rice, of Sparta, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Erwin N. Griswold; Robert C. Mardian, of Pasadena, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Richard G. Kleindienst; George Raymond Speckman, of
Plattsburg, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas F. Eagleton; Rawls H.
Frazier, of Oxford, N.C., on motion of Mr. Samual J. Ervin, Jr.;
Donald Gene Cohan, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Brockman
Adams; Clarence Borns, of Gary, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray J. Mad-
den; Richard Hartley Mays, of El Dorado, Ark., on motion of Mr.
David H. Pryor.
William Harvard Daily, of Port Byron, Ill., and David E. Murray,
of Sterling, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas F. Railsback; Thomas Loren
Combs, of Kalamazoo, Mich., on motion of Mr. Garry E. Brown;
William K. Byrum, of Indianapolis, Ind., and James L. Tuohy, of
Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William D. Ruckelshaus; Mary
Sheila Burke, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Paul E. Treusch;
Gerald E. Gilbert, of Washington, D.C., and Dan O. Callaghan, of
Richwood, W. Va., on motion of Judge William C. Pryor; Laurel J.
McKee, of New York, N.Y., and Robert E. McKee, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Andrew J. Kilcarr; Louis K. Freiberg, of
Rapid City, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. Harold O. Lovre; Willard S.
Van Horne, Jr., of East Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Winslow Van
Horne; Grant Mather Van Horne, of Auburn, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Willard B. Van Horne; Elizabeth Bartholet DuBois, of New York,
N.Y., and Franklin Elgin White, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Jack Greenberg; Robert Frank Johnson, of North St. Paul, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Loren Dale MacIver; Albert Tomlinson Chandler,
of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. C. Emerson Duncan; Guy C.
Quinlan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Anthony F. Essaye.
340-278-69-87

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
345
C. Russell King, of Santa Paula, Calif., on motion of Mr. Francis X.
McLaughlin; Edward E. Wall, of Springfield, Va., on motion of Mr.
Peter Ames Eveleth; John A. Busterud, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Ben C. Fisher; Augustus Albert Simpson, Jr., of Gulf-
port, Miss., on motion of Mr. George F. Lynch; Robert G. Esdale, of
Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Crampton Harris; Robert Ray
Heider, of Elm Grove, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Byron C. Ostby;
George C. Coughlin, of Binghamton, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Walter J.
Myskowski; Francis Atwood Gilligan, of Dansville, N.Y., and Warren
William Kaufman, of Los Augeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Karl J.
Uebel; Nicholas A. Spinella, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Alan
E. J. Branigan; Edward Kendall Stock, of Leesburg, Va., on motion
of Mr. Conrad J. Marshall; Robert E. Friedrich, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur B. Hanson; Ronald B. Sherer, of Macungie,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Paul T. O'Neil; John Robert Alexander, of
Twin Falls, Idaho, on motion of Mr. John E. Benoit; and Robert G.
Marotz, of Brookfield, Wisc., and Richard P. Rouse, of South Mil-
waukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Cornelius T. Young, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 343. United States, petitioner, v. An Article of Drug ***
Bacto-Unidisk * * *. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Michigan for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas,
being of the view that an antibiotic sensitivity disc used by physicians
to aid them in determining what antibiotic drug, if any, to give to a
patient, is a "device" as defined in § 201 (b) of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act not a "drug" as defined in § 201 (g), would affirm
the judgment.
No. 68. Sam L. McDonald et al., appellants, v. Board of Election
Commissioners of Chicago et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr.
Justice Stewart concur in the result.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM.
No. 1158. L. Arthur Burton et al., appellants, v. Arthur J. Sills,
Attorney General of New Jersey, et al. Appeal from the Supreme

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
346
Court of New Jersey. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
No. 1168. Frank A. Lombardy et al., appellants, v. Peter Kiewit
Sons' Co., et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District. The motions to dismiss are granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1170. Thomas W. Sullivan, appellant, v. Alabama State Bar
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama. The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
United Telephone Company of Florida, appellant, v.
William T. Mayo, Chairman et al., etc. The motion of the appellant to
dismiss the appeal under Rule 14(1) is granted.
-
No. Leroy George Mendez, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven
Warden, et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas
corpus presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him referred to the
Court, is denied.
No. 2000, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Thomas W.
Sullivan. It is ordered that Thomas W. Sullivan of Montgomery, Ala-
bama, be suspended from the practice of law in this Court and that
a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from practice of law in this Court.
No. 777. The first National Bank in Plant City, Plant City, Flor-
ida, petitioner, v. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., etc., et al.; and
No. 932. William B. Camp, Comptroller of the Currency, peti-
tioner, v. Fred O. Dickinson, Jr., etc., et al. The motion to enlarge time
for oral argument is granted and a total of one hour and forty min-
utes is allotted for oral argument. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 1146. Anghel Goldstein aka Andrei Pietraru, et al., appellants,
v. Joseph A. Cox et al. Motion of Wolf, Popper, Ross, Wolf and Jones
for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
CERTIORARI GRANTED
347
No. 1124. United States, petitioner, v. W. M. Webb et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1144. Timothy J. Breen, petitioner, v. Selective Service Local
Board No. 16, Bridgeport, Connecticut, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1176. David Earl Gutknecht, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted. Case placed on the summary calendar and
set for oral argument immediately following No. 1144.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1103. James A. Gainey and J. L. Young, etc., petitioners, v.
The Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight Han-
dlers, Express and Station Employees, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1118. Archibald E. Roberts, petitioner, v. Stanley R. Resor,
Secretary of the Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 1127. Technitrol, Inc., petitioner, v. Edward J. McManus,
United States District Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1134. George T. Williams et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1138. The Bossert Machine Company et al., petitioners, v.
City of Cincinnati. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1142. Abex Corp., et al., petitioners, v. Trustees of the Prop-
erty of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1145. Thomas F. Gordon, petitioner, v. The Brooklyn Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1150. David H. Durham et al., petitioners, v. The Mason and
Dixon Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
348
No. 1153. Paul Ciaffoni et al., petitioners, v. Brunswick Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 1154. Jackie Longfellow, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1156. Checker Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. Chrysler Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1167. Athalie Irvine Smith, petitioner, v. The James Irvine
Foundation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1203. Borg-Warner Corporation, petitioner, v. Republic Gear
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 839. Frank J. Pate, Warden, petitioner, v. Jesse Pugh. Mo-
tion of respondent for leave to proceed herein in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stewart is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1078. Celanese Corporation, petitioner, v. Edward J. Brenner,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1126. Sam Nick Farinella and William Joseph Dara, peti-
tioners v. United States. Motion to defer consideration of petition for
certiorari denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1155. Anthony Tartaglio et al., petitioners v. Department of
Institutions and Agencies, Division of Public Welfare. Motion to defer
consideration of petition for certiorari denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1147. Sam Polur, petitioner v. Bernard Botein, etc., et al. Mo-
tion to dispense with printing petition denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1149. Louis H. Mooneyhan, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1174. United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO, petitioner,
v. Hamilton Steel Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Fortas are of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
340-278-69- -88

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
349
No. 7, Misc. Robert Newton Gardner, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California,
County of San Luis Obispo, denied.
No. 10, Misc. Robert Newton Gardner, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 545. Misc. Joe Willie Childs, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 724, Misc. Paul Brown Clark, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 875, Misc. Benjamin M. Hamilton, Jr., petitioner, v. L. N. Pat-
terson, Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1207, Misc. Joseph A. Miller, petitioner, v. J. E. Baker, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Mexico denied.
No. 1233, Misc. Herbert E. Juelich, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1250, Misc. Henry Foggy, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arizona denied.
No. 1290, Misc. William Ralph, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1301, Misc. Thomas Pagano, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1408, Misc. William Clyde Burton, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 1445, Misc. Cohoda William Wade, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1459, Misc. Dolores R. Bonton, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of Superior
Court of California, County of Sacramento, denied.
No. 1467, Misc. Samuel Dean Devine, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1509, Misc. William Wilson, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
350
No. 1521, Misc. Benjamin Grays, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1522, Misc. George H. Winkle, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1536, Misc. Donald R. Johnson, petitioner, v. Insurance De-
partment of Pennsylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 1546, Misc. Delbert Clay Curl, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1557, Misc. Richard Hamilton, petitioner, v. Milo Faulkner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1565, Misc. Jack D. McConnell, petitioner, v. Washington
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 1568, Misc. William K. Parker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1577, Misc. William Hally Frazier, petitioner v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 1582, Misc. Ernest Ball, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1584, Misc. Homer B. Ford, petitioner, v. Howard M. Com-
stock, Superintendent, Sierra Conservation Center. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1588, Misc. Jerry A. Daubin, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1589, Misc. Robert Garrett Caldwell, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1591, Misc. Ronald Hudson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 1594, Misc. George E. Riordan, petitioner, v. Division of Mo-
tor Vehicles, Department of Law and Public Safety. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1595, Misc. Rosalio B. Montez, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
351
No. 1599, Misc. Clarence Nam Sing Shak, petitioner, v. Hawaii.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Hawaii denied.
No. 1603, Misc. Milton Parness, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1611, Misc. Eugene Wright, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Michigan denied.
No. 1615, Misc. Fred J. Odell, petitioner, v. Wilbur J. Schmidt
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1616, Misc. Kenneth Francis Christian, petitioner, v. Jackson
County, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 1618, Misc. Milton Denham, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1619, Misc. Robbie Olan Craig, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1622, Misc. Israel Moore, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1624, Misc. Sandy Taplin, Jr., petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1626, Mise. Joseph Henderson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1627, Misc. Patrick R. Sweet, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1638, Misc. Hubert John Griffin, petitioner v. Thomas C.
Martin, Commissioner of Correction, Onondaga County. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Superme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1647, Misc. Edward McCray, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1648, Misc. Robert Lee Hopson, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
352
No. 1651, Misc. Tyrone R. Young, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1652, Misc. Rodell Kelly, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 1653, Misc. Calvin Frizer, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1654, Misc. Daniel Martin Berry, petitioner, v. Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 1659, Misc. Paul E. Mangini, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 1660, Misc. Charles Baxley, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1663, Misc. James L. Gorum, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 1671, Misc. Kenneth O. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1672, Misc. Nicholas Cappetta, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1673, Misc. George L. McCargo, petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1677, Misc. Martin T. Tabor, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1679, Misc. John Wesley Riley, petitioner, v. William H.
Parker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1682, Misc. Arthur G. Ritter, petitioner, v. Daniel McMann,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1687, Misc. Anthony Ellsworth Dearinger, petitioner, v. B. J.
Rhay, Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
353
No. 1694, Misc. Larry Tinsley, petitioner, v. Daniel McMann,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1699, Misc. David Farnsworth, petitioner, v. Second District
Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 1701, Misc. Raymond J. Casey, petitioner, v. Thomas D. Lam-
bros, Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1703, Misc. Louis Y. Wilson, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1707, Misc. William Evans, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton, Super-
intendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1724, Misc. Willy H. Willis, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1105, Misc. Donald Lee Hancock, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Mid-
dle Division, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 1548, Misc. Manoutchehr Aadal, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1718, Misc. Michael J. Riley, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al.;
No. 1720, Misc. William Ralph Spaniel, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nel-
son, Warden, et al.;
No. 1725, Misc. Louis Jones, petitioner, v. Lake F. Russell, War-
den;
No. 1746, Misc. Adrian R. Akers, petitioner, v. R. E. Cassin, Su-
perior Court Judge, etc.; and
No. 1771, Misc. Porter D. White, petitioner, v. H. V. Field, Su-
perintendent. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 699. Robert S. Daly, petitioner, v. California; and
No. 1506, Misc. Booker T. Hillery, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1969
354
No. 927. Salvatore Granello, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice Marshall
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the calendar, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the arguments
in the cases listed for hearing this week.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 5, 1969, until
Monday, May 19, 1969.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 798. United States, petitioner, v. Montgomery County Board
of Education et al.; and
No. 997. Arlam Carr, Jr., by Arlam Carr and Johnnie Carr, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery County Board of Education et al.
Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold and Mr. Jack Greenberg
for the petitioners and by Mr. Joseph D. Phelps for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 29, 1969, will be as follows:
No. 776.
☑
'

TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1969
355
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, Mr. Justice Fortas, and Mr. Justice
Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lester H. Berkson, of Zephyr Cove, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan
Bible; William H. Tinney, Jr., of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Morris K. Udall; Richard William Breithaupt, of Denver, Colo., and
Thomas Bennett Wilkins, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Donald
G. Brotzman; Robert L. Hartzog, of Baldwin, Mo., Paul Gordon Latt,
of Kirkwood, Mo., John Malcolm Lawrence, Jr., of Clayton, Mo.,
Claude W. McElwee, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., and Donald L. Wolff, of
St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Ichord; Vernon Bradford
Romney, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. L. Ralph Mecham;
Robert Graham Beverly, of Manhattan Beach, Calif., and Daniel J.
Creedon, of San Mateo, Calif., on motion of Mr. John T. Knox;
George Nicholas Zenovich, of Fresno, Calif., and Michael Walter
Leigh Samuels of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Phillip
Burton; Wendell Wayne Mew, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Jerry C. Straus; and Conrad Kenneth Harper, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Norman C. Amaker, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 776. Utah Public Service Commission, appellant, v. El Paso
Natural Gas Company et al. Argued by Mr. Vernon B. Romney for
the appellant, by Mr. Leon Payne for appellee, El Paso Natural
Gas Company, by Mr. Richard B. Hooper for appellees, Cascade
Natural Gas Corporation, et al., by Mr. John F. Sonnett for appellee,
Colorado Interstate Corporation, by Mr. Iver E. Skjeie for appellee,
State of California, by Mr. Solicitor General Griswold for appellee,
The United States, at the invitation of the Court, and by Mr. William
M. Bennett, consumer spokesman.
Adjourned until Monday, May 5, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
☑
340-278-69-89

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
356
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice
Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Fortas.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Clarice Felder Hens, of Washington, D.C., Carthon E. Aldhizer, of
McLean, Va., Elliott Arnold Lifset, of Washington, D.C., J. Robert
Kotchick, of Arcadia, Calif., Frank Reese Pound, Jr., of Cocoa, Fla.,
Clarence Traylor Johnson, Jr., of Rockledge, Fla., Lealand L. Lover-
ing, of Rockledge, Fla., Warren Akin III, of Cartersville, Ga., Warren
C. de Brueys, of New Orleans, La., Raymond L. Rhine, of Bowie, Md.,
Paul D. Faherty, of Boston, Mass., Robert B. Cohen, of Detroit, Mich.,
William D. Neumann, of Scotia, N.Y., Joseph A. Marion, Jr., of Buf-
falo, N.Y., Pedro R. Vazquez, of San Juan, P.R., Allan Edward
Abrams, of Washington, D.C., and Joseph J. Connolly, of Philadel-
phia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold;
Fred E. Eastman, of Akron, Ohio, Charles D. Parke, of Akron, Ohio,
and Theodore Schneiderman, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Wm.
Saxbe; Joe Don Brown Floyd, of High Point, N.C., on motion of Mr.
Sam J. Ervin, Jr.; Dirk Drukker Snel, of Reston, Va., on motion of
Mr. Robert W. Packwood; Albioun F. Summer, of Jackson, Miss., and
Guy Northcross Rogers, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. John
Cornelius Stennis; Theodore G. Welch, of Chicago, Ill., and Ferdinand
J. Zeni, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert McClory; Anita
Lugo Castellanos, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Francis Joseph O'Neill,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall; William D.
Baker, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John J. Rhodes.
Greever P. Allan of Tonganoxie, Kans., on motion of Mr. Keith
Sebellius; Edwin C. Anderson, Jr., of Santa Rosa, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Paul N. McCloskey, Jr.; Weldon Benbow Mallette, of Victoria,
Tex., on motion of Mr. John Young; Thomas R. Burnside, Jr., of
Augusta, Ga., and Robert D. Hoagland, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Robert Grier Stephens; Robert A. Lucas, of Portland, Oreg., and
George I. Hansen, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wendell
Wyatt; Gerald R. Walsh, of Minneapolis, Minn., Joseph Daniel
O'Brien, of Minneapolis, Minn., and Donald E. Poyner. of Sigourney,
Iowa, on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Wallace D. Dorman, of
San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Marion T. Bennett; Martin B.
Lowery, of Winfield, Ill., on motion of Mr. John N. Erlenborn.
340-278-69-90

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
357
Myron P. Curzan, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. K. Norman
Diamond; Stephen Allen Grant, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Michael Boudin; William J. Klicka, of Chicago, Ill., and Edward
Julian Bieg, of Arlington Heights, Ill., on motion of Mr. Bernard
Joseph Waters; Hollis D. Garmon, of Greenville, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Charles M. Johnston; Raymond John Kempe, of West St. Paul,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Dale MacIver; William W. Huss, Jr., of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Homer A. Walkup; Dorothy Heyeck
Moore, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. George J. Argeris;
Allan D. Shafter, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Henry West
Leeds; Murray K. Hatch, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William Britton Moore; John J. Mitchell, Jr., of Santa Barbara,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Douglas G. Mode; Anthony Joseph Bucci, of
Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Karl M. Kunz; Martin William
Halbfinger, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mrs. Elaine S. Kahn.
John David Schmidtlein, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr.
Thomas Moncure; Rex L. Davis, of Des Moines, Iowa, Alfred Saro-
witz, of Philadelphia, Pa., Howard Graham Swafford, of South Pitts-
burg, Tenn., and John C. Duncan III, of Annandale, Va., on motion
of Mr. John Joseph Pyne; Charles Moore Bardwell, of Austin, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Kenneth G. Heisler; Marvin Lloyd Martin, of
Grosse Pointe, Mich., on motion of Mr. A. Bryce Schriber; Walter
Bland Williamson, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert
Earl Shoun; Thomas Philip Campbell, Jr., of White Plains, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. William W. Scott; Mordechai Feigenbaum, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Myer Feldman; Howard S. Cooper, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert P. Jaye; David Jerry
King, of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Bernard G. Lonctot; James
Donald Kenny, of San Francisco, Calif., and Joseph Charles Smith, of
Yorktown Heights, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George F. Galland; Ben
Franklin Dixon, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William
Stratton; Richard D. Harburg, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
John Mourer Bixler; Frank Russell Kendall, of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Freeman W. Sharp; Russell Taylor Weil, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.; Edward N. Gadsby,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. James S. Hostetler.
John Widman Appleford, of Birmingham, Mich., George W. Burn-
ard, of Royal Oak, Mich., Richard A. Campbell, of Waterford, Mich.,
Robert E. Cunningham, of Pontiac, Mich., Alan G. Greenberg, of
Pontiac, Mich., Parvin C. Lee, Jr., of Birmingham, Mich., William
D. McMachan, of Ferndale, Mich., Eugene K. Pool, of Union Lake
Mich., June Emmert Rein, of Detroit, Mich., James Renfrew, of Roy-
al Oak, Mich., Anthony Renne, of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., Richard
A. Rossman, of Royal Oak, Mich., Lawrence R. Ternan, of Rochester,

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
358
Mich., and Robert G. Waddell, of Pontiac, Mich., on motion of Mr.
Philip A. Hart; Robert E. Ashman, of Baltimore, Md., Willard A.
Barnes, of Atkinson, Nebr., Clement S. Bertolino, of Belton, Mo., Wil-
liam Vincent Bierek, of Portland, Oreg., Harold Frederick Board-
man, Jr., of Rosemont, Pa., John Kevin Donovan, of Stoneham, Mass.,
Ralph R. Fries, of Columbia, Mo., Henry J. Gerken, of New York,
N.Y., Carl D. Gum, Jr., of Belton, Mo., Michael Edward Murphy, of
Columbus, Ind., David Orser, of Battle Creek, Mich., Robert G. Ringo,
of Corvallis, Oreg., Allan C. Smith, of San Francisco, Calif., David
Francis Sullivan, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Charles E. Wade, Jr., of
Lawton, Okla., J. Bryan Williams III, of New York, N.Y., and Wil-
liam T. Willis, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Walter L. Lewis.
Carlotta M. Beall, of St. Louis, Mo., Raymond A. Bruntrager,
Sr., of St. Louis, Mo., James S. Collins II, of St. Louis, Mo., Charles E.
Ehrhart, of St. Louis, Mo., William R. Gartenberg, of St. Louis, Mo.,
Ellis Gregory, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., Melroy B. Hutnick, of St. Louis,
Mo., George F. Kosta, of St. Louis, Mo., Arthur Litz, of St. Louis, Mo.,
Joseph A. Murphy, of St. Louis, Mo., George E. Murray, Jr., of St.
Louis, Mo., Hugh C. Roberts, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., W. Munro Roberts,
Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., Fred Roth, of St. Louis, Mo., Charles Sarkisian,
of St. Louis, Mo., Donald L. Schmidt, of St. Louis, Mo., Ralph T.
Stenger, of Belleville, Ill., Donald J. Stohr, of St. Louis, Mo., H. Meade
Summers, Jr., of Clayton, Mo., Val Terschluse, of St. Louis, Mo., and
Frederick M. Woodruff, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. William
Leonard Hungate; Harry V. Lerner, of Brookdale, Md., Joseph E.
Kastanek, of Bethesda, Md., Paul V. McCormack, of Bethesda, Md.,
Richard S. McKernon, of Bethesda, Md., Richard C. Ridgway, of
Bethesda, Md., Joseph E. Byrne, of Rockville, Md., Charles G.
Dalrymple, of Rockville, Md., D. Warren Donohue, of Rockville, Md.,
Barry H. Helfand, of Rockville, Md., Jeb Howard, of Rockville, Md.,
Arthur V. King, of Rockville, Md., William B. McDanald, of Rock-
ville, Md., Paul A. McGuckian, of Rockville, Md., James Henry
Murdock, of Rockville, Md., Beverly S. Pearson, of Rockville, Md.,
William J. Rowan, III, of Rockville, Md., Andrew L. Sonner, of
Rockville, Md., John Michael Talbot, of Rockville, Md., James T.
Wharton, of Rockville, Md., Francis E. Yeatman, of Rockville, Md.,
Louise Anderson Terzian, of Kensington, Md., Earl Clifton Hill, Jr.,
of Kensington, Md., Jerome E. Korpeck, of Silver Spring, Md., Stan-
ley J. Nadonley, of Silver Spring, Md., J. Lloyd Niles, of Silver
Spring, Md., Charles L. Richards, of Silver Spring, Md., Francis A.
Shaffer, of Silver Spring, Md., John C. Tracey, of Silver Spring, Md.,
William B. Wheeler, of Silver Spring, Md., and Page J. Digman, of
Wheaton, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph Davies Tydings.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
359
Saul S. Lipman, of Carnegie, Pa., Tom E. Macurdy, of Natrona
Heights, Pa., Robert F. McCabe, Jr., of Pitcarin, Pa., Joseph P. Mos-
chetta, of Washington, Pa., Harold D. Retting, of White Oak, Pa.,
Ben E. Sherman, of Carnegie Pa., Marcus Aaron II, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Mark B. Aronson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Louis H. Artuso, of Pitts-
| burgh, Pa., Kenneth W. Behrend of Pittsburgh, Pa., James A. Berne-
burg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Joseph J. Bernstein, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
James F. Clarke, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Dale Cleland, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
1. John H. Clough, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Michael F. Dalfonso, Jr., of
1 Pittsburgh, Pa., Anthony V. DeCello, of Pittsburgh, Pa., James M.
Doherty, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., Carl Andrew Eck, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Cyril A. Fox, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., Thomas V. Fritz, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., A. Morris Ginsburg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Stanley W. Greenfield, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Mary Ann H. Guernsey, of Pittsburgh, Pa., James M.
Guffey, of Pittsburgh, Pa., William Wharton Guthrie, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Thomas A. Harper, of Pittsburgh, Pa., James Q. Harty, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Wm. S. Hays, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Michael W. Huron, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Ira Hurwick, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Justin Morris John-
son, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Livingstone Morris Johnson, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Oliver L. Johnson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Sam R. Keller, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Thomas M. Kerr, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Edward Charles
Lecky, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Alan Z. Lefkowitz, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Louis Z. Marohnic, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Leonard A. Mazer, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Bruce Alexander McGullivray, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Timothy
Patrick O'Reilly, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Emil R. Pecori, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., John F. Ploeger, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Lawrence A. Rizzo, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Jack J. Rosenberg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Anthony J. Santan-
tonio, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Seymour J. Schafer, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Rob-
ert W. Semenow, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Louis M. Tarasi, Jr., of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Paul J. Titus, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Cyril H. Wecht, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., and Thomas S. White, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
William S. Moorhead, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 156. Clayton S. Kramer, petitioner, v. Caribbean Mills, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr.
Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 620. James L. Moore et al., appellants, v. Richard B. Ogilvie,
etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
The Chief Justice said:
360
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Supplemental decree entered. Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
formulation of this supplemental decree.
No. 67. William H. Robinson et al., appellants, v. Gwendolyn John-
son et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois. Judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Black dissents for the reasons given in the dissenting opinion
of the Chief Justice in Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S. —, decided
April 21, 1969. Mr. Justice Harlan dissents for the reasons given in his
dissenting opinion in Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S.
No. 438. John Montgomery et al., appellants, v. Fannie Mae Burns
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California. The motion of appellees for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis granted. The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents for
the reasons given in the dissenting opinion of the Chief Justice in
Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S. -, decided April 21, 1969. Mr. Jus-
tice Harlan dissents for the reasons given in his dissenting opinion in
Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S. ———.
No. 1050. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of California. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are
of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1152. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1169. National Trailer Convoy, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Oklahoma. The motions to affirm are granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
340-278-69-91

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
361
No. 144, Misc. Leila Waggoner, etc., et al., appellants, v. Max
Rosenn, Secretary of Public Welfare of Pennsylvania. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsyl-
vania. Motion of appellants for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania for further
consideration in light of Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S.. decided
April 21, 1969. Opinion per curiam.
,
No. 642, Misc. Russell T. Halliday, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concur-
ring in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with
whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 877, Misc. Douglas L. Rhodes, petitioner, v. Kansas. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Distict Court of Sedgwick County,
Kansas. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to
the District Court of Sedgwick County, Kansas, for further con-
sideration in light of Smith v. Hooey, Judge, 393 U.S. 374. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 622. William L. Maxwell, petitioner, v. O. E. Bishop, Super-
intendent, Arkansas State Penitentiary. The motion of Robert Page
Anderson et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, after argument,
is granted.
No. 705. Joseph Q. Cipriano, appellant, v. City of Houma et al.
The motion of Louisiana Municipal Association for leave to join in the
amicus curiae brief of the State of Louisiana is granted.
No. 776. Utah Public Service Commission, appellant, v. El Paso
Natural Gas Company et al. The motion of the Colonial Group for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Mr. Justice White, Mr.
Justice Fortas and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this motion.
No. 1064. North Carolina, appellant, v. Henry C. Alford. The
motion of the appellee for the appointment of counsel is granted, and
it is ordered that Doris R. Bray, of Greensboro, North Carolina, be,
and she is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the appellee in this
case.
No. 1192. John Henry Coleman and Otis Stephens, petitioners, v.
Alabama. The motions of the petitioners for the appointment of

1.
MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
362
counsel are granted, and it is ordered that Charles Tarter, Esquire, of
Birmingham, Alabama, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioners in this case.
No. 1242, Misc. Webster Bivens, petitioner, v. United States. The
application for bail presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him
refererd to the Court, is denied.
No. 1700, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Norman E.
Sill. It having been reported to the Court that Norman E. Sill of
Washington, District of Columbia, has been disbarred from the prac-
tice of law by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit, duly entered on the eighteenth day of February,
1968, and this Court by order of March 10, 1969, having suspended the
said Norman E. Sill from the practice of law in this Court and di-
recting that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should
not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon
the respondent, and that the time within which to file a return to the
rule has expired;
IT IS ORDERED that the said Norman E. Sill be, and he is here-
by, disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name
be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the
Bar of this Court.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 950. Richard Hall et ux., appellants, v. Harriet Beals, Clerk
and Recorder of El Paso County et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Colorado. In this case probable jur-
isdiction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1106. E. S. Evans et al., petitioners, v. Guyton G. Abney et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Mar-
shall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1223. Sandra Adickes, petitioner, v. S. H. Kress and Com-
pany. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 946. Beech-Nut Life Savers, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
363
No. 982. Teledyne, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1071. Groendyke Transport, Inc., petitioner, v. Elmer Davis,
Regional Director, 16th Region, National Labor Relations Board, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1111. Calvin Farrell Hadley, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 1157. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. South-
ern Pacific Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Civil Appeals of Texas, 14th Supreme Judicial District denied.
No. 1159. Milton W. Lewis and Lee Roy Sohn, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1161. Leo Carlino, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 1164. Irving A. Kanarek, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1166. Ronald Gerhard (as claimant of 440 U.S. Gold Coins
and one 1961 Chevrolet Automobile), petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1171. Vilaketi Bloomfield, petitioner, v. Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1172. The Denver Union Stockyard Co., et al, petitioners, v.
The Denver Live Stock Commission Co. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1177. The Fluor Corporation, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. United
States ex rel. Mosher Steel Company;
No. 1178. Ward Industries Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States ex rel. Mosher Steel Company; and
No. 1179. Union Tank Car Company, petitioner, v. United States
ex rel. Mosher Steel Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1180. Wayne Hunter Carlton, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
364
No. 1183. Electronic Systems Investment Corporation, petitioner,
v. Small Business Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1184. First National Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1188. Norma C. Diric, petitioner, v. Immigration and Nat-
uralization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1193. William Thomas, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1196. Carl Odell Echard, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1202. Speyer, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil & Refining
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1251. United Forest Products Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Earl
R. Baxter et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 983. Kenneth Herbert Hanna, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Fortas
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 1109. Edna Weed, petitioner, v. Owen Bilbrey, Sr., et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Brennan are
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1131. Bankers Commercial Life Insurance Company et al., pe-
titioners, v. American Hospital Association et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Fortas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 1197. Edward P. Bentley, petitioner, v. New Hampshire. Mo-
tion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 921, Misc. James Edward Kennedy, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

1
MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
365
No. 1003, Misc. Richard Dennis Sullivan, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 1031, Misc. Jerry Mack Dorrough, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1108, Misc. Hubert Bullard, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1420, Misc. Bobby Joe Spivey, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1576, Misc. Ellis Eaton, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1621, Misc. Bruce David Dancis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1644, Misc. James E. Shock, petitioner, v. M. L. Tester et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1664, Misc. John Allen, Jr., petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1665, Misc. Robert Anderson, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wil-
son, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1675, Misc. Rudolph Saavedra, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut
denied.
No. 1680, Misc. James Cames Chester, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1685, Misc. Herbert Charles Horton, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 1688, Misc. Raymond M. Houghtaling, Jr., petitioner, v. Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of Virginia denied.
No. 1689, Misc. Rochester Harris, petitioner, v. Michigan et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
366
No. 1702, Misc. Nathaniel A. Denman et al., petitioners, v. County
of Barnstable et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1704, Misc. Arthur Gilchrist, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1708, Misc. Richard L. Hunt, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1710, Misc. Willie Bradford, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1713, Misc. Solomissey Jessy, petitioner, v. Superior Court of
California and Los Angeles County. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1722, Misc. Harry William Theriault, petitioner, v. T. L. Peek
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1728, Misc. Jerry C. Rush, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
Third Circuit denied.
No. 1729, Misc. John Meadows, petitioner, v. Warden, Brooklyn
House of Detention for Men. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1741, Misc. Kelley Whitehead, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1744, Misc. Sylvester Lockhart, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
Hendrick, Superintendent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1753, Misc. Alphear L. Purnell, petitioner v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1055, Misc. Nathaniel Reed, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 1481, Misc. Lionel Bradford, petitioner, v. Michigan. Motion
for leave to supplement petition granted. Petitions for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Michigan denied. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Marshall join.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1969
367
No. 1634, Misc. Norbert Derengowski, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1785, Misc. Gregory G. Kinderman, petitioner, v. Jack C.
Young, Warden; and
No. 1820, Misc. Charles Duckworth, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 62. Thomas R. Kaiser, petitioner, v. New York;
No. 109. Margaret E. Snyder, petitioner, v. Charles Harris and
Earl Kirchhoff;
No. 199. George B. Harris, Judge of United States District Court
for the Northern District of California, v. Louis S. Nelson, Warden;
No. 940. Philip J. Kenney, petitioner, v. American Can Company;
No. 1005. Earl E. Howe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corpora-
tion;
No. 1012. National Sponge Cushion Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Allen
Industries, Inc., et al. ;
No. 1042. Jasper C. Gould et ux., petitioners, v. American Water
Works Service Co., Inc. et al.;
No. 1087. Holbrook Thayer Ashton II, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 524, Misc. Bruce Wyatt Cassasa, petitioner, o. California;
No. 857, Misc. James Bush, appellant, v. United States; and
No. 1457, Misc. James Gilbert Glass, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 69. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Fortas and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
Adjourned until Monday, May 19, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
X

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
368
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White
and Mr. Justice Marshall.
Mr. Justice Fortas tendered his resignation to President Nixon to
take effect on May 14, 1969. The President has accepted it as of that
date.
Mr. William S. Burton, a member of the Bar of this Court, stated:
"Mr. Chief Justice, may it please the Court:
"On behalf of the Burton family-and-particularly on behalf of
Mrs. Harold H. Burton, leave is respectfully requested to present to
the library of the Supreme Court of the United States, and to each
member of the Court, the first copies of a publication entitled 'The
Occasional Papers of Mr. Justice Burton.'
"Generous participation by the Bowdoin Press of Bowdoin College,
Brunswick, Maine, has helped make this publication possible.
"The publication is presented as one man's footnote to four simple
and explicit words-EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW."
The Chief Justice said:
"It is generous of your dear mother, the Burton family, and Presi-
dent Coles of Bowdoin College to present to the Court this collection
of vignettes of history of the Supreme Court.
"This Court has never had an official historian, but your father, Mr.
Justice Burton, was the historian in fact during the thirteen years he
served with us. He could recall every member who has ever sat on the
Court and could recall with whom that member was sitting at any
given date. In order to give emphasis to the fact that this is a continu-
ing body and that there has only been one Court, he pointed out graph-
ically that if anyone came to the Court in the 180 years of its exist-
ence he would have seen one of seven men sitting there-Cushing,
Marshall, Wayne, Field, White, McReynolds or Hugh Black.
"Each year he wrote for his Circuit Judicial Conference on some
historic event in the life of the Court. Some of these are recaptured
in this little volume entitled "The Occasional Papers of Mr. Justice
Burton.' We are very happy to have them for ready reference, and I
am sure the book will find a cherished place in the library of each of us.
"Although it is eleven years since he retired, the majority of the
Court now sitting served with him-Justice Black and Justice Doug-
340-278-69-92

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
369
las throughout his tenure; Justice Harlan for approximately four
years; Justice Brennan for three years, and myself for five years.
"We always valued the words of Mr. Justice Burton, whether they
were recorded in his opinions in the United States Reports, in his
speeches or in words spoken in our Conferences. We knew that they
were always forthright, sincere and directed to some purposeful end.
I am sure I can say without any danger of contradiction that no man
in the long history of the Court was held in higher esteem by his col-
leagues than was Justice Harold H. Burton, and this book will be
another means for us to perpetuate that nostalgic memory.
"We are happy that his widow, Selma, for whom we have the same
affection we had for him, is here today to witness this little cere-
mony, and we express our thanks to her and all of the Burton family
for presenting this reminder of the affection that her husband had for
this Court which he served so nobly."
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John Code Mowbray, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr. Justice
Tom C. Clark; Obert C. Teigen, of Bismarck, N. Dak., on motion of Mr.
Philip J. Teigen; Frank Bennett Friedman, of Reston, Va., Gerald H.
Genard, of Los Angeles, Calif., Dorothy Louise Schechter, of Ventura,
Calif., Thomas Lisle Schechter, of Ventura, Calif., C. Willia Ritter, of
Baltimore, Md., Roger P. Bernique, of Washington, D.C., Theodore
Souris, of Grosse Pointe Park, Mich., Patrick J. Crowley, of Grosse
Pointe Farms, Mich., Otis M. Smith, of Detroit, Mich., Kenneth
Anthony Webb, of Troy, Mich., William D. Webb, of Prairie Village,
Kans., Jacob H. Gilbert, of New York, N.Y., John M. Foley, of New
York, N.Y., Eugene Victor Lipkowitz, of Washington, D.C., Robert
Eliot Easton, of Washington, D.C., Matthew Saul Watson, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Ira M. Langer, of Silver Springs, Md., Joe A. Cannon, of
Alexandria, Va., Everette G. Allen, Jr., of Richmond, Va., James
Parker Jones, of Abingdon, Va., and Daniel Gilligan Grove, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Erwin N. Griswold;
Joseph E. Reber, of Helena, Mont., and Robert Lee Kelleher, of Bill-
ings, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; Arleigh Maddox Woods, of
Los Angeles, Calif., William T. Woods, of Los Angeles, Calif., Richard
S. Buckley, of Los Angeles, Calif., and George Heriot Lowerre III, of
Manhattan Be ch, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman;
Sheldon Portman, of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. Don Edwards.
Archie W. Service, of Pocatello, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Orval
Howard Hansen; James Joseph Hippard, Sr., of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Robert Christian Eckhardt; B. J. George, Jr., of Mont-
clair, N.J., on motion of Mr. Ernest C. Friesen, Jr.; Joseph Max
Burton, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Judge Harold H. Greene;

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
370
Ruth E. Hankins, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Judge Harry
Toussaint Alexander; Geoffrey Gaulkin, of Newark, N.J., on motion
of Judge Edward Gaulkin; Randle Burt Carpenter, Jr., of New
York, N.Y., Thomas E. Chilcott, of Chicago, Ill., Kenneth D. Ran-
dall, of Craigmont, Idaho, Russell Douglas Thompson, of Jackson,
Miss., and W. Leigh Ansell, of Virginia Beach, Va., on motion of
Mr. Walter L. Lewis; Barry M. Scotch, of South Orange, N.J., and
John Jack Yarbrough, of University Park, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Harry D. Ambrose, Jr.; Leslie A. Bradshaw, of Rochester, N.Y.,
and James Ambrose McCaffrey, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion
of Mr. Larry Conrad; Eleanor Waters Walsh, of Chicago, Ill., and
Carl Maurice Walsh, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Maurice J.
Walsh; Charles T. Wells, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
J. R. Wells.
John Frederick Moring, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. J.
David Mann, Jr.; Carl Stephen Rauh, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.; John Edmiston Stanfiled, of Laramie,
Wyo., on motion of Mr. Dudley Miles; Betty R. Klein, of Kenmore,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank Cummings; David Ernest Aaronson, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Edward A. Aaronson; William
J. Navin, of Port Washington, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Sidney J. Gun-
derson; Peter L. Koff, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James
P. Riley; Leonard L. Sells, of North, Va., and Henry M.
Chick, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Frank R. Hunter, Jr.;
Richard S. Rodin, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Sidney S.
Sachs; A. R. Early, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John
Geyer Tausig; Owen Rice, Jr., of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr.
William Amory Underhill; Betty Ingebritson Crofoot, of Portland,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Emery J. Crofoot; Richard Martin Meyer,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard Bebchick; David Rader
Cooper, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. John Witsil; Jerome
Zamos, of Palos Verdes Peninsula, Calif., on motion of Mr. William
R. Granik; Jeffrey Bryon Schwartz, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Jacob H. Stillman; Sheldon Engelhard, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Louis Lenard Ruben; Geoffrey A. Hampton, of
Utica, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Kirby Meagher; Samuel D. Smo-
leff, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Solomon;
Howard V. Campbell, of Springfield, Mo., and Robert G. Rue, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Howard B. Pickard; Harry Gold-
man, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., and Earl Layton Carey, Jr., of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Henry Conway.
Klaus H. Jander, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert
M. Peers; Juan Silva, of Ardmore, Pa., on motion of Mr. Karl L.
Spivak; John D. O'Connell, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
371
Mr. John M. Bradley; John R. Pate, of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. Roy C. Cook; Sarah Eleanor Brown, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Ralph J. Temple; Robert P. Borsody, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mrs. Florence Wagman Roisman; Richard Touby,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. George J. Solomon; Ellis W. Man-
ning, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ellis Manning;
Frances Dianne Biegelmeier, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
John G. Adams; Edward Elisha Bedwell, of Fort Smith, Ark., on
motion of Mr. J. Winston Bryant; David R. Hyde, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald Mulvihill; Beatrice M. Mattison, of
St. Helena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Walter P. North; Benj. T. De-
Berry, of Columbia, S.C., on motion of Mr. Frank J. Martin, Jr;
Domingo Carrasquillo-Diaz, of Bayamon, Puerto Rico, on motion of
Mr. Bruce A. Butcher.
John Joseph Babka, of St. Clairsville, Ohio, Floyd Alan Banker,
of Bellaire, Ohio, John Jacob Basnett, Jr., of St. Clairsville, Ohio,
William H. Best, of Bellaire, Ohio, William Henry Blackford, of
Martins Ferry, Ohio, Emilio Memo Bonfini, of Bellaire, Ohio, Mar-
guerite Brown, of St. Clairsville, Ohio, Steven Edward Cichon, of St.
Clairsville, Ohio, David Byron Cooper, of Bellaire, Ohio, J. C. Hein-
lein, Jr., of Bridgeport, Ohio, C. Kenneth Henry, of St. Clairsville,
Ohio, Thomas Fury Joseph, of St. Clairsville, Ohio, Bernard G. Lan-
cione, of Bellaire, Ohio, Charles A. Linch, of Bellaire, Ohio, Joseph
C. McGraw, of Bellaire, Ohio, Esther F. Pinsky, of Bellaire, Ohio,
Harold B. Thomas, of Bridgeport, Ohio, and Michael R. Thomas, of
Bridgeport, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Wm. Saxbe; Robert J. Alexander,
of New York, N.Y., John R. Bailey, of New York, N.Y., Russel Har-
rison Beatie, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Michael A. Butterworth, of New
York, N.Y., Richard Francis Coyne, of New York, N.Y., Hugh Nevin
Fryer, of New York, N.Y., John W. Galiardo, of New York, N.Y.,
Frank M. Headley, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Kenneth Howard Holmes,
of New York, N.Y., Francis Raymond Jones, of New York, N.Y.,
Richard Joseph Kane, of New York, N.Y., Marc J. Luxemburg, of
New York, N.Y., Eugene P. McGreal, of New York, N.Y., Stephen
Glos Nordquist, of New York, N.Y., Robert J. Paulus, of New York,
N.Y., Evan J. Spelfogel, of New York, N.Y., Burton Robert Sueskind,
of New York, N.Y., Charles Daniel Ward, of New York, N.Y., John
Harvey Whitworth, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Joe W. Williams, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John E. F. Wood.
Alvin S. Ackerman, of Upper Darby, Pa., Robert Phillip Ander-
man, of Media, Pa., Carmen P. Belefonte, of Chester, Pa., Bernard
Mayer Berman, of Media, Pa., Dale Anthony Betty, of Chester, Pa.,
Samuel S. Blank, of Media, Pa., Harry J. Bradley, of Media, Pa., John
S. J. Brooks, of Media, Pa., Edward F. Cantlin, of Bryn Mawr, Pa.,

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
372
Robert E. J. Curran, of Chester, Pa., Alexander A. DiSanti, of Upper
Darby, Pa., Robert J. Donohue, of Drexel Hill, Pa., Francis A. Fer-
rara, of Chester, Pa., Andrew James Forbes, of Media, Pa., Max W.
Gibbs, of Haverford, Pa., Henry J. Hagan, of Springfield, Pa.,
Thomas P. Hamilton, Jr., of Upper Darby, Pa., Edmund L. Harvey, of
Chester, Pa., Robert James Jackson, of Chester, Pa., A. David Kestner,
of Springfield, Pa., Howard Stanton Klein, of Wayne, Pa., Stanley R.
Kotzen, of Chester, Pa., Arthur Levy, of Chester, Pa., Samuel Lichten-
feld, of Broomall, Pa., William D. March, of Media, Pa., Howard Saul
Marcu, of Springfield, Pa., James Anthony McGoldrick, of Haverford,
Pa., Joseph L. Monte, Jr., of Chester, Pa., Rodger L. Mutzel, of
Chester, Pa., David J. Natale, of Media, Pa., Donald J. Orlowsky,
of
Media, Pa., Earle J. Patterson, of Media, Pa., Robert L. Pinto, of
Media, Pa., Thomas J. Reilly, of Upper Darby, Pa., Robert J. Scallan,
of Media, Pa., John Churchman Smith, of Wallingford, Pa., Richard
Barclay Surrick, of Media, Pa., Nicholas D. Vadino, Jr., of Parkside,
Pa., and C. Norwood Wherry, of Media, Pa., on motion of Mr. Hugh D.
Scott, Jr.
Charles S. Adams, of Boston, Mass., Joseph John Alekshun, Jr.,
of Cambridge, Mass., Nicholas P. Arenella, of Newton, Mass., John
David Arenstam, of Chelmsford, Mass., Joseph C. Barry, of Boston,
Mass., John Francis Berrigan, of Nashua, N.H., Alfred E. Bollengier,
of Warwick, R.I., Robert M. Broderick, Sr., of Norwell, Mass.,
John J. Brosnahan, of Falls Church, Va., Thomas F. Burke, of Dart-
mouth, Mass., William H. Carey, of Fairhaven, Mass., George D. Con-
stantine, of New Bedford, Mass., Alfred L. Crowley, of North Scit-
uate, Mass., Francis X. Cuddy, of Boston, Mass., Walter W. Curcio, of
Belmont, Mass., John J. Desmond III, of Boston, Mass., Theodore E.
Dimauro, of Springfield, Mass., Dennis L. Ditelberg, of Boston,
Mass., Edmund F. Dowd, of Methuen, Mass., Mary K. Egan, of
Springfield, Mass., Donald J. Fleming, of Mattapoisett, Mass.,
Sheldon H. Ganz, of Boston, Mass., Barry H. Gerstein, of Boston,
Mass., Francis Wade Holman, Jr., of Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., Robert J.
Horn, Jr., of Concord, Mass., John J. Hurley, of Lowell, Mass., Jack
Kasten, of Newton, Mass., Jerrold C. Katz, of Boston, Mass., Patrick
J. Kelly, of Boston, Mass., Francis B. Kenney, of Norwell, Mass.,
Philip George Kiely, of Boston, Mass., Philip E. La Bonte, of Mil-
ton, Mass., Edward Michael Lee, of Westfield, Mass., Owen B. Lynch,
of Lynnfield, Mass., Richard D. Mahoney, of Framingham, Mass.,
Collette Manoil, of Cambridge, Mass., Joseph E. Marino, of Somer-
ville, Mass., Vincent B. Meade, of Boston, Mass., Cornelius J. Mc-
Auliffe, of Providence, R.I., Robert F. McGrath, of Boston, Mass.,
Kenneth Francis McLaughlin, of Nashua, N.H., Thomas L. McLaugh-
lin, of Athol, Mass., Bernard F. McSally, of Warwick, R.I., William
340-278-69-93

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
373
E. Moore, of Ware, Mass., Antonio Mosca, of Watertown, Mass.,
James F. Murphy, of Coventry, R.I., Thomas D. Murphy, of
Chicopee, Mass., Edward F. Myers, of Needham, Mass., Veto A.
Neviackas, of Greenlawn, N.Y., Irving L. Newman, of Andover, Mass.,
Walter A. Nicewicz, of Clinton, Mass., Francis M. O'Boy, of Taun-
ton, Mass., Adam Palaza, of Boston, Mass., Frank E. Pollard, of
Westfield, Mass., Francis D. Privitera, of Somerville, Mass., Thomas
F. Quinn, of Plymouth, Mass., Theodore C. Regnante, of Lynnfield,
Mass., Peter D. Rigero, of Worcester, Mass., Alfred H. Rosen, of
Newton, Mass., George R. Shea, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Murray George
Shocket, of Newton, Mass., L. Richard Shuckra, of Boston, Mass.,
James Warren Smith, of Framingham, Mass., Robert M. Spector,
of Framingham, Mass., John Michael Sullivan, of Springfield, Mass.,
Robert L. Surprenant, of New Bedford, Mass., Maria L. Sveikauskas,
of Boston, Mass., Morton J. Sweeney, of Springfield, Mass., Raymond
A. Terfera, of Springfield, Mass., Albert G. Tierney, Jr., of Marble-
head, Mass., George B. Waldron, of Peabody, Mass., James G. Walsh,
Jr., of Boston, Mass., John P. White, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Robert
Paul Whitten, of Boston, Mass., and John F. Zamparelli, of Medford,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Robert F. Drinan.
Alfred A. Kiltz, of Evansville, Ind., and Elmer L. Hoehn, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 200. Ben H. Frank, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Mr. Justice
Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart, adhering to the views expressed in
the dissenting opinion of Mr. Justice Harlan in Bloom v. Illinois, 391
U.S. 194, 215, and in Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's separate opinion
in Cheff v. Schnackenberg, 384 U.S. 373, 380, but considering them-
selves bound by the decisions of the Court in those cases, join in the
opinion of the Court on these premises. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas
joins.
No. 49. Zenith Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Re-
search, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed in part and
reversed in part and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice White. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part
in dissenting in part.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
374
No. 517. The National Board of Young Men's Christian Associa-
tions, et al., petitioners, v. United States. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 65. Timothy F. Leary, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Chief Justice Warren
joins in Part II of the opinion of the Court, and considering himself
bound by the decisions in Marchetti v. U.S., 390 U.S. 39 (1968),
Grosso v. U.S., 390 U.S. 62 (1968), and Haynes v. U.S., 390 U.S. 85
(1968), concurs in the result as to Part I. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black concurring in the
result.
No. 366. United States, appellant, v. Henry Preston Covington.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Ohio. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr.
Chief Justice Warren, considering himself bound by the decisions
in Marchetti v. U.S., 390 U.S. 39 (1968), Grosso v. U.S., 390 U.S. 62
(1968), and Haynes v. U.S., 390 U.S. 85 (1968), concurs in the judg-
ment of the Court Mr. Justice Stewart joins the opinion and judgment
of the Court upon the premise stated in his concurring opinion in
Leary v. U.S., ante.
No. 297. Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v.
Veljko Stanisic. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Marshall join.
No. 672. United States, petitioner, v. John P. King. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States Court of Claims for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
375
No. 1173. Harley D. Jones, appellant, v. State of Illinois by its
Electoral Board. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Illinois for
further consideration not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart
would affirm the judgment.
No. 1209. Charles E. and Robert E. Buckley, dba Buckley's Auto
Wrecking, appellants, v. Ohio by James V. Barbuto. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1230. T. Eugene Thompson, appellant, v. Travelers Insurance
Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 730, Misc. Gary Wendell Fryar, petitioner, v. Oklahoma et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Oklahoma. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma for further
consideration in light of Smith v. Hooey, Judge, 393 U.S. 374. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDER
2
It is ordered that the rules, to be known as the Federal Rules of
Procedure for United States Magistrates, be and they hereby, are
prescribed pursuant to Section 340 of Title 18, United States Code.
These rules shall take effect as of the date of this order. Mr. Justice
Black casts no vote as to these rules.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 9, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana et al. Pursuant to the opinion of this Court of March 3,
1969, 394 U.S. 11, it is ordered that Walter P. Armstrong, Jr., Es-
quire, of Memphis, Tennessee, be, and he is hereby, appointed as
Special Master in this cause to make a preliminary determination
consistent with the opinion of this Court. The Special Master shall
have authority to fix the time and conditions of hearings which he
may order and is authorized to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas,
and take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
376
it necessary to call for. The Master is directed to submit such re-
ports as he may deem appropriate.
The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable
compensation for his services to be approved hereafter by the Court.
The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his technical, steno-
graphic, and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report
or reports shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in
such proportion as the Court may hereafter approve. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this matter.
No. 598, Misc. October Term, 1964. Robert M. Williamson et al.,
petitioners, v. Annie Gilmer et al. The second motion to recall and
amend the order of January 18, 1965, and the amended petition for a
writ of mandamus are denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of these matters.
No. Robert Marcucilli, petitioner, v. United States. The
application for stay presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him
referred to the Court, is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that the stay should be granted.
No. 528. Nacirema Operating Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam H. Johnson et al.; and
No. 663. John P. Traynor and Jerry C. Oosting, Deputy Commis-
sioners, petitioners, v. William H. Johnson et al. These cases are
restored to the calendar for reargument.
No. 642. Edward Boykin, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. The motion
of Gerald H. Gottlieb et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae,
after argument, is granted to the extent of filing the brief already
submitted.
No. 1163. Frank Smith, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1216. Charles Adjmi, petitioner, v. Florida. The motions to
defer consideration of the petitions for certiorari are granted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 712, Misc. William Monks, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey granted. Case transferred
to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 704. City of Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Atlantic Refining
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
340-278-69- -94

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
377
No. 772. Martha M. Fritzinger, etc., petitioner, v. Jeffrey R. Weist
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 894. Edward H. Weitzen et al., petitioners, v. Charles Heit et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1055. Davie Franklin Wilson, petitioner, v. Washington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 1110. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. The Kroger Co., et al.;
No. 1123. The Kroger Co., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board; and
No. 1130. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Kro-
ger Co., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1114. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. International
Union of Electrical, Radio & Machine Workers, AFL-CIO; and
No. 1208. International Union of Electrical, Radio and Machine
Workers, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. General Electric Company. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1143. Ronald Paul Norris, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 1190. Milton Berger et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1194. Jerome Feld, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1199. Frank Aureli, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 1200. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
American Oil Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1204. Ralph Richard Benson, petitioner, v. Kenneth E. Kirk-
patrick, Probation Officer of Los Angeles County, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1206. Edward P. Strang, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1211. Sam L. MacCorkle, petitioner, v. United States. Petition

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
378
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1212. Board of Trustees of Galveston Wharves et al., peti-
tioners, v. United Industrial Workers of the Seafarers International
Union of North America etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1215. Harold W. Manley et al., petitioners, v. David H. Scho-
enbaum. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1217. Edward Louis Henderson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1221. John C. Barnett and Lee Fred McInturff, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1222. S. H. Lynch & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1224. J. H. Brock, as Trustee for the Wingreen Company,
Inc., petitioner, v. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1225. Salt Lake City Fire Fighters Local 1645, AFL-CIO, et
al., petitioners, v. Salt Lake City. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 1226. Greenwood Municipal Separate School District et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1228. Leonard Simmons Fentress, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1229. Daniel Thomas Fallon, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1231. Manuel O. DeLaCruz, petitioner, v. The Atchison, To-
peka and Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1234. Kwai Chiu Yuen et al., petitioners, v. Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1235. Reese Hubbard et al., petitioners, v. Donna M. Kiefel.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
379
No. 1236. Maxwell A. Sturtz, etc., petitioner, v. New York World's
Fair 1964-1965 Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1241. Junior Lee Gambill, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1248. Junius Guillory, petitioner, v. Levingston Shipbuild-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals of Texas, 9th Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 1249. John K. Rains, petitioner, v. Niaqua, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 1252. Mrs. John DeRaismes Storey et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam T. Mayo, Chairman, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1262. Lemuel Thomas Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No.1269. Richard L. Dugger, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1275. United States, petitioner, v. Billy Preston Keatts et ux.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1277. Louie L. Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections,
petitioner, v. Frederick Keith Calloway. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1318. Sanford D. Sanes, petitioner, v. Faith Adams. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1346. Giulio Natta et al., petitioners, v. Alex Zletz et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1361. Truckee-Carson Irrigation District, petitioner, v. Cecil
Wyatt, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nevada denied.
No. 1091. Local 342, United Automobile, Aerospace & Agricultural
Implement Workers of America (UAW), et al., petitioners, v. T.R.W.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1113. The Telephone Users Association, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia et al. Motion to

4
MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
380
remand and petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1132. California et al., petitioners, v. Albert J. Giannini and
Kelley Iser. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. Mr. Justice Harlan is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 1187. Carmine Persico et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1191. Steverson Tillie Morgan, petitioner, v. J. L. Nelson et al.
Motion to dispense with printing petition denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 1205. Ernest R. Olsen et al., petitioners, v. Allan E. Swartz
et al. Motion to dispense with printing petition denied. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 1367, Misc. Warren Ketchmore, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1370, Misc. Richard C. Ruip, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1517, Misc. Lafayette Wood, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1697, Misc. Pete Johnson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No, 1540, Misc. DeWayne Massey, petitioner, v. Lamont Smith,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia denied.
No. 1561, Misc. Willie Powell, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1575, Misc. John I. Burroughs, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1625, Misc. Harold L. Gardner et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1628, Misc. George Washington Longmire, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1631, Misc. James Epps, petitioner, v. United States. Petition

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
381
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1650, Misc. Cohoda William Wade, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1666, Misc. Willie Robinson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1667, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
denied.
No. 1668, Misc. Earle Ray Esgate, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1670, Misc. Bradley T. Moye, petitioner, v. Sioux City & New
Orleans Barge Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1676, Misc. Harry LaRue McClelland, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 1681, Misc. Lloyd Manley, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1683, Misc. Frank Culver, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field, Su-
perintendent, California Men's Colony. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1684, Misc. Jack Silver, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1686, Misc. Philip Arcuri and Alfred John Cimei, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1705, Misc. Osborn Olden, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1706, Misc. Will Stokley, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Third
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1712, Misc. Russell Charles Currier, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1717, Misc. George Forst, petitioner, v. Delaware. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware denied.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
382
No. 1719, Misc. Antonio Rodriguez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1726, Misc. Dallas O. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1727, Misc. John F. Hanrahan, petitioner, v. Howard B. John-
son et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1732, Misc. John Bullis, petitioner, v. Carl Hocker, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1736, Misc. Nathan Burgess, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent, California Conservation Center. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1738, Misc. Robert Jewell Landman, Sr., petitioner, v. C. C.
Peyton, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1739, Misc. James P. Stuart and Yvonne M. Stuart, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1743, Misc. Samuel R. Belton, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1745, Misc. James Fox, petitioner, v. A. L. Dutton, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1748, Misc. Johnnie D. McElrath, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1749, Misc. Calvin C. Campbell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1751, Misc. Ernest S. Borum, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1752, Misc. William Henry Dumas, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1756, Misc. Harley Nelson, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
383
writ of certiorari to the Appelate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 1775, Misc. Lawrence Justice, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1797, Misc. James Gant, Jr., petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1562, Misc. Frank Serrano, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1639, Misc. Thomas Welton, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion for leave to amend petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1801, Misc. Richard Thomas Hart, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 30. James C. Kirkpatrick, Secretary of State of Missouri, et
al., appellants, v. Paul W. Preisler et al.;
No. 86. AMP Incorporated, petitioner, v. Wilbur J. Cohen, Secre-
tary of Health, Education and Welfare, et al.;
No. 173. Richard E. Gorman, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 453. John McMillan Gregg, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 814. Raymond Joseph DuVernay, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 844. Paul G. Stephan et ux., appellants, v. State Tax Com-
missioner of Delaware;
No. 1041. Samuel A. Kaufer, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1066. Irving Rosen and Sidney A. Kanter, petitioners, v. East-
ern Airlines, Inc.;
No. 662, Misc. James Millard Jones, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 804, Misc. Chester Arthur Schutz, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 1262, Misc. Robert, Merton Mutter, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 1275, Misc. Pherne N. Miller, petitioner, v. Katherine S.
Thorn, etc.; and
No. 1593, Misc. Joseph C. Adams, petitioner, v. Edward J. Bren-
ner, Commissioner of Patents. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1031. Marvin J. Morse, petitioner, v. D. A. Hindman et al.;
and

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1969
384
No. 1081. Marvin J. Morse, petitioner, v. D. A. Hindman et al.;
No. 1437, Misc. Joseph C. Adams, petitioner, v. Dale C. Cameron,
Chief of Service, Saint Elizabeths Hospital; and
No. 1466, Misc. Edward Dickerson, petitioner, v. A. Frank Lee.
Motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 26, 1969.
Adjourned until Monday, May 26, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
385
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stew-
art, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edmund Frederic Benchoff, of Nacogdoches, Tex., John A. Ble-
veans, of Bethesda, Md., Robert Pierre Brisson, of Pleasantville N.Y.,
David Bromberg, of New York, N.Y., Theodore Dachenhausen, Jr.,
of Katonah, N.Y., Carl F. Del Prette, of Katonah, N.Y., Andrew J.
Fiore, of Ossining, N.Y., Mary B. Goodhue, of Mount Kisco, N.Y.,
Thomas M. Henderson, of Houston, Tex., Robert Whitney Knight, of
Tampa, Fla., Daniel Joseph Kremer, of Sacramento, Calif., Henry W.
Laber, of Yorktown Heights, N.Y., Hollis K. Leathers, of Muskogee,
Okla., Albert F. Mally, of Somers, N.Y., John G. Moore, of Armonk,
N.Y., David Paget, of New York, N.Y., Daniel Riesel, of New York,
N.Y., George Hunter Roberts, of Katonah, N.Y., William E. Russell
3rd, of Chappaqua, N.Y., Michael A. Russo, of White Plains, N.Y.,
Michael Howard Singer, of Silver Spring, Md., Norman Frederick
Stultz, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Joseph J. Tafe, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and John Williams Whittlesey, of Chappaqua, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Daniel M. Friedman; Robert O. Tiernan, of Warwick, R.I., L. Harvey
Poe, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Harry Lee Riddle, Jr., of Morganton,
N.C., J. Brendan Sullivan, of Wakefield, Mass., and William Joseph
McDonald, of Beverly, Mass., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Kennedy;
Jerry Bradford Grimes, of Lexington, N.C., on motion of Mr. Samuel
J. Ervin, Jr.
Henry McMillan Aldridge, of Mobile, Ala., on motion of Mr. Jack-
son Edwards; Eileen M. Donnelly, of Cleveland, Ohio, and John U.
Donnelly, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik;
Lewis Kapner, of Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers;
William Leonard Berlat, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris
K. Udall; Alfred J. Lindh, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr.
William V. Roth, Jr.; Terry Lavelle Crapo, of Idaho Falls, Idaho, on
motion of Mr. Orval Hansen; John T. Niccollai, of Wayne, N.J., and
Royal B. Giffen, of Wayne, N.J., on motion of Mr. Charles S. Joelson;
Sara Moore Robinson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry
S. Reuss; John O. Crouse, of Hillsboro, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam H. Harsha; Jimmy Gray Cutshaw, of Greenville, Tenn., Richard
340-278-69-
-95

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969.
386
H. Whitson, of Daytona Beach, Fla., and John Spencer Robinson, of
Daytona Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. William V. Chappell, Jr.; J.
Bruce Kitchen, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William E.
Minshall; Robert S. Gardner, of Sedalia, Mo., on motion of Mr. Brice
Wilson Rhyne; Jesse H. Choper, of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Murray Bring; Stephen Edward Moss., of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole; Robert Stanley Lowe, of Rawlins, Wyo., on
motion of Judge Thurman Arnold; L. W. Setz, of Ozark, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Edward Draugelis, of Plymouth,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur Sparks; R. Edward Burton, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Julian P. Freret.
Phillip Howard Mayer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Rufus W.
Peckham, Jr.; Patrick L. Wynne, of Bronx, N.Y., Michael P. Capri-
ano, of New York, N.Y., Walter P. Clark, of New York, N.Y., and
Joseph D. Sparacio, of Malverne, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John Patrick
Acer; William J. McKinley, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Edwin McDermott; Jonathan Silverstone, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Herbert Morris; Harold O. Miller, of Bailey's Cross-
roads, Va., on motion of Mr. Martin Hoffman; Charles Everett Kern
II, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Arthur G. Lambert; James
Murdoch Kefauver, of Greenbelt, Md., on motion of Mr. Hershel
Shanks; Robert M. Guttman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
James E. Jones, Jr.; Jerry D. Voight, of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Donald C. Simpson; William McHenry Hoiles, of Mc-
Lean, Va., and Shelby V. Hutchins, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Charles S. Lopeman; Harry Marfut, of Falls Church, Va., on
motion of Mr. Haines S. Lippincott; Leo R. Reynolds, of West Con-
cord, Mass., on motion of Mr. Harvey Kaye; David M. Madway, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank Cummings; Robert L. Hal-
brook, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. James Corle; Frances
T. Freeman Jalet, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joseph Prender-
gast; Kenneth Nelson Hart, of New York, N.Y., and Richard Y. Hol-
comb, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Andrew J. Kilcarr; J.
Henry Lovelace, of Waco, Tex., on motion of Mr. John F. O'Neal;
John A. Diaz, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Eugene Sobol;
Clyde Archer Wootton, of Mooresville, N.C., on motion of Mr. Hugh
A. Alexander; Ronald A. Hecker, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Arnold Levy.
John M. Evans, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Jack Werner;
Leonard A. Baldwin, of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Harry P.
Anestos; Phillip S. Brown, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. J.
Raymond Clark; George A. Tetreault, Jr., of Palmer, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. George Kaufmann; Joe Bill Carter, of Clayton, Mo., and
A. Morris Hayes, of Winchester, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Francis

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
387
Raymond Hammill, Jr.; Thomas L. Fike, of Berkeley, Calif., and
James K. White, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. Julian
Bernard Carrick, Jr.; Abe Mutchnik, of Los Angeles, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert S. Perkins; Ronald G. Schmidt, of Pierre, S. Dak.,
on motion of Mr. Harold O. Lovre; James Castle Gaither, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Woolman Douglas; Patrick
V. Martin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Stanley O. Sher;
Fred S. Whisenhunt, Jr., of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. William
| T. Bullinger; George Ward Beaudry, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Matthew J. Wheeler; L. Ray Bishop, of Ann Arbor, Mich.,
Loren W. Campbell, of Ann Arbor, Mich., John B. Collins, of Ypsi-
lanti, Mich., John W. Conlin, Jr., of Ann Arbor, Mich., William F.
Delhey, of Saline, Mich., John Lester Etter, of Ann Arbor, Mich.,
Jerome D. Farmer II, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Sedgwick S. Field, of
Ann Arbor, Mich., Robert V. Fink, of Ypsilanti, Mich., Peter Winchell
Forsythe, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Jack J. Garris, of Ann Arbor, Mich.,
Harold A. Jones, of Chelsea, Mich., Casper H. Kast, of Ann Arbor,
Mich., Dwaine V. Lighthammer, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Gerald A.
Lipnik, of Ann Arbor, Mich., John D. McCormick, of Ann Arbor,
Mich., William F. Richardson, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Stanton Gates
Roesch, of Manchester, Mich., Richard W. Ryan, of Ann Arbor,
Mich., and Edward L. Vandenberg, Jr., of Ann Arbor, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Lewis George Meader.
John W. Allen, of Coventry, Conn., Salvatore F. Arena, of Port-
land, Conn., Stanley Phelps Atwood, of Westport, Conn., John Der
Bagdasarian, of New Britain, Conn., Patrick C. Baker II, of Ridge-
field, Conn., Jonathan M. Bennett, of Stamford, Conn., Robert L.
Berchem, of Milford, Conn., Peter R. Blum, of Hartford, Conn.,
David M. Borden, of W. Hartford, Conn., Gerald Howard Braffman,
of New Haven, Conn., Frank J. Brown, of Hartford, Conn., Robert A.
Buckles, of Stamford, Conn., Herbert J. Bundock, of Bridgeport,
Conn., Clifford S. Burdge, Jr., of Hartford, Conn., Peter J. Carolan,
of Waterbury, Conn., Salvatore John Cartelli, of Middletown, Conn.,
Michael Anthony Catalano, of Stamford, Conn., Martin A. Clayman,
of W. Hartford, Conn., Thomas W. Collins, of Wethersfield, Conn.,
James W. Cooper, of New Haven, Conn., Thomas B. Coughlin, of
Stratford, Conn., Herbert William Cramer, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
Milton L. Cramer, of Torrington, Conn., David M. Curry, of Hart-
ford, Conn., Daniel Webster Dedrick, of West Hartford, Conn.,
Anthony V. DeMayo, of New Haven, Conn., Lawrence P. Dennin,
Jr., of Norwalk, Conn., Francis M. Dooley, of Sharon, Conn., Thomas
H. Dooley, of Vernon, Conn., Michael J. Dorney, of New Haven,
Conn., Hugh Bruce Dougherty, of Greenwich, Conn., Edward Terry
Durant, of Trumbull, Conn., Hyman G. Etkind, of Easton, Conn.,
John E. Fay, of New Hartford, Conn., Samuel J. Fiore, of Pawcatuck,

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
388
Conn., Charles P. Flynn, of Wilton, Conn., William F. Gallagher, of
New Haven, Conn., Joseph J. Gallicchio, of Torrington, Conn., Harold
J. Geragosian, of New Britain, Conn., Sanford Glassman, of New
London, Conn., Richard Goodman, of Bloomfield, Conn., Irwin Jerome
Gordon, of Bridgeport, Conn., Nancy Howes Gormley, of New York
N.Y.
Raymond B. Green, of Canton, Conn., Robert F. Grele, of Green-
wich, Conn., Anthony M. Guerrera, of Stratford, Conn., Thomas J.
Hagarty, of Hartford, Conn., J. Robert Haskell, of Manchester,
Conn., James T. Haviland II, of Hartford, Conn., James E. Hayes, of
Bristol, Conn., George E. Hill, of Storrs, Conn., Edward R. Hyde, of
Wilton, Conn., William R. Judy, of Hartford, Conn., James W.
Kambas, of Stamford, Conn., Reubin Kaminsky, of Hartford, Conn.,
Ralph M. Kilburn, of Canton, Conn., Edward Krasnow, of Fairfield,
Conn., Jules Lang, of Norwalk, Conn., Richard B. Laschever, of East
Hartford, Conn., George J. Lepofsky, of Norwalk, Conn., Warren A.
Luedecker, of Trumbull, Conn., Joseph G. Lynch, of Portland, Conn.,
Robert M. McAnerney, of Darien, Conn., George E. McGoldrick, of
New Haven, Conn., Joseph F. McKeon, Jr., of Westport, Conn., Paul
E. Mersereau, of W. Hartford, Conn., Samuel D. B. Millar, Jr., of
Darien, Conn., Peter J. Mutino, of Greenwich, Conn., Alan Neigher,
of Bridgeport, Conn., Kai Nordlund, of Old Saybrook, Conn., Alfred
J. Onorato, of New Haven, Conn., John C. Parker, of Wilton, Conn.,
Joseph J. Parrilla of Westerly, R.I., William R. Pascucci, of Nor-
walk, Conn., Raymond J. Payne, of W. Hartford, Conn., Bernard A.
Pellegrino, of New Haven, Conn., Joseph H. Pellegrino, of New
Haven, Conn., Jack A. Perry, of Fairfield, Conn., Edward G. Pizzella,
of Newington, Conn., Robert J. Pizzella, of W. Hartford, Conn.,
Elliott B. Pollack, of Hartford, Conn., Don C. Polley, of Hartford,
Conn., Alvin Pudlin, of New Britain, Conn., David C. Rappe, of
Coventry, Conn., Milford F. Rhines, of Hartford, Conn.
John H. Riege, of Hartford, Conn., Stephen M. Riley, of West Hart-
ford, Conn., Sidney L. Rosenblatt, of Newington, Conn., Mark A.
Rosenthal, of Hartford, Conn., Peter McClean Ryan, of Stamford,
Conn., John A. Sabanosh, of Bridgeport, Conn., Robert M. Schor, of
Hartford, Conn., Peter C. Schwartz, of Glastonbury, Conn., Arnold
M. Schwolsky, of W. Hartford, Conn., Melvin J. Silverman, of Nor-
walk, Conn., Peter K. Sivaslian, of Torrington, Conn., Thomas P.
Skidd, Jr., of Wilston, Conn., Jess H. Smith, of Litchfield, Conn.,
Marcia Blank Smith, of Litchfield, Conn., Lester B. Snyder, of W.
Hartford, Conn., Earl E. Spear, of Bridgeport, Conn., Robert L.
Trowbridge, of Glastonbury, Conn., Joseph T. Turo, of Pawcatuck,
Conn., Philip S. Walker, of W. Hartford, Conn., Frederick J. Whelan,
Jr., of Greenwich, Conn., and John V. Zisk, of New Britain, Conn., on

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
389
motion of Mr. Thomas J. Meskill; and Neil J. Abelson, of Smithtown,
N.Y., Catherine M. Andriacche, of Baldwin, N.Y., Thomas Dell
Aquila, of N. Massapequa, N.Y., John M. Armentano, of Mineola,
N.Y., Vincent James Beck, of Glen Cove, N.Y., Dennis A. Bengels, of
Hempstead, N.Y., Bernard Birnbaum, of Rockville Centre, N.Y.,
Donald J. Boland, of Merrick, N.Y., Theodore Buchwalter, of Syosset,
N.Y., Herbert Carr, of Woodmere, N.Y., Gerald J. Carson, Jr., of
Westbury, N.Y., John Chamberlain, of Locust Valley, N.Y., Mark S.
Charwat, of Merrick, N.Y., Sydney J. Chase, of Mineola, N.Y., Ber-
nard Chetkof, of Plainview, N.Y., Michael Chetkof, of Commack,
N.Y., Joseph Colby, of Massapequa Park, N.Y., Raymond F. Condon,
of Massapequa, N.Y., Richard W. Croughan, of Massapequa, N.Y.,
Eugene T. Cullen, of Great Neck, N.Y., Theodore Daniels, of Ocean-
side, N.Y., Willard H. DeSilva, of Great Neck, N.Y.
George K. Decker, of Garden City, N.Y., Francis W. Deegan, of
Sea Cliff, N.Y., Louis L. Dickman, of Rockville Centre, N.Y., Anthony
R. Di Gennaro, of Massapequa, N.Y., John C. Dillon, of E. Rockaway,
N.Y., Peter L. Doran, of Glen Cove, N.Y., C. Malcolm Dowsey, of
Manhasset, N.Y., Paul E. FitzMorris, of Kings Park, N.Y., Matthew
J. Flood, of Manhasset, N.Y., A. Harold Fox, of Woodmere, N.Y.,
Francis B. Froehlich, of Brookville, N.Y., Jeffrey Andrew Galant,
of Forest Hills, N.Y., Howard W. Goldson, of Mineola, N.Y., Philip
Kenneth Greene, of Mineola, N.Y., Sidney Grossman, of New Hyde
Park, N.Y., William P. Harding, of Amityville, N.Y., Herbert J.
Harte, of Wantagh, N.Y., Richard Hartman, of Mineola, N.Y., Ed-
ward N. Herman, of Forest Hills, N.Y., Stuart M. Herz, of N. Wood-
mere, N.Y., Thomas J. Higgins, of E. Williston, N.Y., Julius Hirsch-
feld, of Hempstead, N.Y., Alexander Jacobson, of W. Hempstead,
N.Y., Seymour Kagan, of New York, N.Y., Lawrence Kenneth Katz,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Steven L. Keats, of Mineola, N.Y., Gerald S.
Kirschbaum, of Plainview, N.Y., Edward Klein, of Franklin Square,
N.Y., Irving Koondel, of Mineola, N.Y., Jay M. Landa, of Great
Neck, N.Y., Edward L. Leipziger, of Franklin Square, N.Y., Daniel
S. Lerner, of Elmont, N.Y., Joseph G. Lilli, of W. Hempstead, N.Y.,
Richard D. Longworth, of Great Neck, N.Y., Charles F. Lynch, of
Hicksville, N.Y., Attilio Marangione, of Mineola, N.Y., Robert B.
Marcus, of Laurel Hollow, N.Y., Abraham I. Marglin, of W. Hemp-
stead, N.Y., Jerome Seymour Medowar, of Merrick, N.Y., Robert R.
Morrell, of Floral Park N.Y., Matthew Muraskin, of Wantagh, N.Y.,
Richard M. Naness, of Plainview, N.Y., Edward F. Nasierowski, of
Lynbrook, N.Y., Jules Edward Orenstein, of Great Neck, N.Y.,
Michael L. Orenstein, of Great Neck, N.Y., Donald J. Payton, of Sea
Cliff, N.Y.
Robert C. Petrie, of Garden City, N.Y., David B. Pressman, of
Rockville Centre, N.Y., Murray Pudalov, of Massapequa Park, N.Y.,
340-278-69- -96

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
390
George Rockman, of Mineola, N.Y., Jerome G. Rose, of New York,
N.Y., Robert M. Rosen, of Nesconset, N.Y., Gerald P. Rosenberg, of
Mineola, N.Y., Morton G. Rosenberg, of New York, N.Y., Philip
Rosenstock, of Rockville Centre, N.Y., Robert J. Rountry, of Mal-
verne, N.Y., Melvyn B. Ruskin, of Mineola, N.Y., Matthew M. Russo,
of New York, N.Y., John L. Ryan, of New York, N.Y., Martin Sachs,
of Bellmore, N.Y., Keith W. Saks, of Woodmere, N.Y., Alan R. Sala-
mon, of Searingtown, N.Y., Robert G. Sale, of Great Neck, N.Y.,
Michael J. Salomone, of Port Washington, N.Y., Jon N. Santemma, of
Hempstead, N.Y., Irwin Scherago, of Port Washington, N.Y., Louis
Schiff, of Hempstead, N.Y., Charles Michael Schutzman, of Wantagh,
N.Y., John F. G. Schneider, of Baldwin, N.Y., Harry L. Seaton, of
New Hyde Park, N.Y., Harold Hans Seikel, of Seaford, N.Y., Leonard
Siegel, of Freeport, N.Y., John W. Sinon, of Williston Park, N.Y.,
Harvey M. Sklaver, of Sands Point, N.Y., Robert I. Skoy, of Garden
City, N.Y., Ira P. Sloane, of Great Neck, N.Y., Jack B. Solerwitz, of
Mineola, N.Y., Herbert W. Solomon, of Plainview, N.Y., Harold F.
Strohson, of Roosevelt, N.Y., Eli Wager, of Woodmere, N.Y., and
Sheldon Irwin Walker, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. David
Holman were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 403. Jack Frederick McKart, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Ohio for the entry of a
judgment of acquittal. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice White concur-
ring in the result.
No. 610. John L. Sullivan, Tax Commissioner of the State of
Connecticut, et al., appellants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Connecticut for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 791. Ronald L. Crane, petitioner, v. Cedar Rapids and Iowa
City Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Iowa. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 39. Enrique Perez, petitioner, v. California. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Writ dismissed as im-
providently granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
391
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents from the dismissal of
the writ.
No. 150. Frances Mattiello, appellant, v. Connecticut. Appeal from
the Appellate Division of the Circuit Court of Connecticut. Appeal
dismissed for want of a properly presented federal question. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 158. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
John P. O'Connell, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 172. Elmer L. Dirks, individually and as General Chairman
of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, et al., petitioners, v. W. L.
Birkholz et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments vacated and cases re-
manded to the respective district courts with instructions to dismiss
the cases as moot. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 1245. Guilford Dinsmuir Shaw, appellant, v. California.
Appeal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1257. Helen Lopo, etc., appellant, v. Saks Fifth Avenue. Ap-
peal from the Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate Dis-
trict. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 1284. William Everhardt et al., appellants, v. City of New
Orleans et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition.
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
Edgar Leonard Robinson, petitioner, v. California. The
application for a stay of execution presented to Mr. Justice Douglas,
and by him referred to the Court, is granted pending the timely filing

. MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
392
and disposition of a petition for a writ of certiorari. Should the peti-
tion for writ of certiorari be denied, this stay is to terminate automati-
cally. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, this
stay is to continue pending the issuance of the mandate of this Court.
No. 477. United States, petitioner, v. United States Coin and Cur-
rency, etc. This case is restored to the calendar for reargument.
No. 622. William L. Maxwell, petitioner, v. O. E. Bishop, Super-
intendent, Arkansas State Penitentiary. This case is restored to the
calendar and set for reargument on October 13, 1969.
No. 1070. Frank Peter Balistrieri, petitioner, v. United States.
The Solicitor General is requested to file a response to the petition for
rehearing. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this order.
No. 1127. Technitrol, Inc., petitioner, v. Edward J. McManus,
United States District Judge, etc. The motion of the respondent for
damages under Rule 56 is denied.
No. 1276. William H. Roberts, petitioner, v. William J. McDonald
et al. The motion of the petitioner pursuant to Section 455, 28 U.S.C.
suggesting disqualification of Mr. Justice Brennan is denied.
No. 1421. Christopher Jackman et al., petitioners, v. John M.
Bodine et al. The application for a stay of the primary election of
June 3, 1969, and for other relief, is denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1185. Frederick J. Pagnani, petitioner, v. Securities and Ex-
change Commission;
No. 1186. Jerome Matusow, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission; and
No. 1195. Great American Industries, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1207. Jimmie Dane Burke, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals of the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1237. Charles Ross and Josephine Pawlak, petitioners, v. Illi-
nois. Peition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 1239. Young & Company et al., petitioners, v. R. J. Shea,
Deputy Commisisoner of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
393
No. 1242. Harold Nebenzal, petitioner, v. Edward D. Re et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1247. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-
CIO, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1250. Hariclia C. Ballas et al., petitioners, v. Mary Cladis et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1254. Strachan Shipping Company et al., petitioners, v. R. J.
Shea, Deputy Commissioner of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1255. Edward H. Cook et al., petitioners, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1259. Joseph Sica, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1260. Pepperell Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari of the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1261. Construction Aggregates Corporation, petitioner, v.
Hewitt-Robins, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1263. Japan Line, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Sabre Shipping
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1265. Alpha-Continental, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States for the use of F. E. Robinson Co. of N. C., Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1287. Irving Rich, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1288. Michael J. McLaney, petitioner, v. Time, Inc., dba "Life”.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1374. Semet-Solvay Division, Allied Chemical Corporation,
petitioner, v. James A. Miller, Sr. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
394
No. 1181. Edward Lee Hochenedel, III, petitioner, v. Louisiana.
Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 1189. Howard Yeager, Warden, petitioner, v. Michael O'Con-
nor. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed herein in forma pau-
peris granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1253. Bernard Wilson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 1267. Newspaper Drivers & Handlers Local Union No. 372, etc.,
petitioner, v. Detroit Newspapers Publishers Association et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 564, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Ralph Woody,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1244, Misc. Robert William Muller, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1248, Misc. Carmine DiPaolo, Jr., petitioner, v. Howard
Yeager, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1319, Misc. Myrl Horton, petitioner, v. Merle R. Schneckloth,
Superintendent, California Conservation Center. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1354, Misc. Samuel G. Townes, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1424, Misc. Robert L. Barbee, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 1441, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of James P. Rudi-
sill, Jr., petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Colorado denied.
No. 1454, Misc. Mack Jones, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
395
No. 1470, Misc. William Simmons, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1630, Misc. Robert Newton Gardner, Jr., petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1691, Misc. Calvin F. Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1716, Misc. Gloria Eva Oliva, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 1731, Misc. Richard D. Yates, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1733, Misc. Peter J. Donohue, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Man-
cusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1735, Misc. William Scott, Jr., petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 1747, Misc. Edward Stanley Miller and Joseph T. Quinones,
petitioners, v. New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 1757, Misc. William Huggins, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1760, Misc. Willie E. Pendergrast, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1761, Misc. Joseph L. Hollick, petitioner, v. J. Edwin LaVal-
lee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1764, Misc. Burnell Robinson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1765, Misc. Joseph L. DeLevay, petitioner, v. Edwin L. Rey-
nolds, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1766, Misc. Alfred Schnitzler, petitioner, v. Harold W. Fol-
lette, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
396
No. 1767, Misc. Robert Williams, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.
No. 1769, Misc. Mayo M. Goff, petitioner, v. Veterans Admin-
istration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1770, Misc. Jack Silver, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1774, Misc. Jack C. Ping, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1776, Misc. Lawrence Hammer, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Third District, denied.
No. 1777, Misc. James Watson, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1778, Misc. Morris E. Anglin, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1782, Misc. Franklyn Weaver, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1783, Misc. Claude A. Williams, petitioner, v. Walter Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1784, Misc. Bobby Russell, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1787, Misc. Leo W. Charland, petitioner, v. Norge Division,
Borg-Warner Corporation, et al., Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1791, Misc. Jake M. LaCaze, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 1793, Misc. Bobby Bright, petitioner, v. Frank Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 1794, Misc. Huey R. Lee, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1795, Misc. Samuel Bernstein, petitioner, v. Martin P. Cather-
wood, as Industrial Commissioner of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, Third Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
397
No. 1798, Misc. Wesley Larue Gaylord et al., petitioners, v. Christ
T. Seraphim, County Court Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 1803, Misc. William Purvis, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.
No. 1804, Misc. Robert Edward Givens, petitioner, v. Oregon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 1805, Misc. Douglas E. Willis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1806, Misc. Jake Charles Scott, Jr., petitioner, v. Ray Pro-
cunier, Director, California Department of Corrections. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Califonia denied.
No. 1807, Misc. Vicente Gatica Startti, petitioner, v. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1808, Misc. James Smiley, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1810, Misc. Mana Pina Holguin, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1811, Misc. Thomas Russel, petitioner, v. Walter E. Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1812, Misc. Simon A. Rivera, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 1814, Misc. Nicholas Noor, petitioner, v. John T. Deegan, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1815, Misc. Albert Haykel, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1834, Misc. Wylie Ray Vanderburg, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1840, Misc. David E. Howington, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
398
No. 1841, Misc. Nealy J. Buchanon, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for County of Ingham,
Michigan, denied.
No. 1882, Misc. Lester R. Dimond, Jr., petitioner, v. Suffolk
County Bar Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 1915, Misc. Israel G. Hernandez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 487, Misc. Richard S. Knight, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 663, Misc. Chester L. Hoapili, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1893, Misc. Elmer A. Merrill, petitioner, v. Robert I. Mose-
ley, Warden;
No. 1924, Misc. Johnnie Clifford McDowell, petitioner, v. Rob-
ert I. Moseley, Warden;
No. 1928, Misc. Hartful Webster, petitioner, v. James F. Howard,
Superintendent, Kentucky State Reformatory;
No. 1930, Misc. Richard Emmett Smiley, petitioner, v. California
et al.; and
No. 1976, Misc. Benny R. Allen, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
| Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
Leave to FILE PETITION for Writ OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1779, Misc. Harry A. Young, petitioner, v. Raymond K. Pro-
cunier et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and
for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 954. Stephen A. Cino, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1061. Walter D. Teague III et al., petitioners, v. Regional
Commissioner of Customs, Region II, et al.; and

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1969
399
No. 1093. Best Medium Publishing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Melvin
Varnish. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 12. Samuel Desist et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this petition.
No. 964, Misc. Ben Junior Edwards, petitioner, v. Kansas;
No. 1581, Misc. L. T. Fields, Jr., petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi,
Warden; and
No. 1746, Misc. Adrian R. Akers, petitioner, v. R. E. Cassin, Su-
perior Court Judge, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 732, Misc. Frank M. Rich, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this petition.
ORDER
Pursuant to the provisions of Title 28 U.S.C., Section 42, It is or-
dered that Mr. Justice Brennan be, and he is hereby, temporarily
assigned to the First Circuit as Circuit Justice.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 2, 1969.
Adjourned until Monday, June 2, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
400
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lawrence Edward Shinnick, of Washington, D.C., Mary Murphy
Schroeder, of Washington, D.C., Louis J. Lombardo, of Washington,
D.C., Robert Stephen Bennett, of Washington, D.C., Gerald T. Koren-
gold, of Los Angeles, Calif., Haskell H. Grodberg, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Philip Roy Michael, of Washington, D.C., Robert Donald
Mastry, of St. Petersburg, Fla., Richard Ivan Bass, of Chicago, Ill.,
Thomas H. Boerschinger, of Chicago, Ill., David Martin Barrett, of
South Bend, Ind., Neil Patrick Crooks, of Green Bay, Wis., Ralph
Morton Bernstein, of Chicago, Ill., Harry Mock, Jr., of Los Angeles,
Calif., J. Gerard Hogan, of New York, N.Y., John M. Romanchik, Jr.,
of Cleveland, Ohio, Remo Michael Croce, of Pennsauken, N.J., Clinton
E. Cronin, of Bay Head, N.J., Walter R. Davis, Jr., of Lebanon, N.J.,
John Gero, of Wayne, N.J., Arthur Abba Goldberg, of Jersey City,
N.J., Stuart Kahn, of West New York, N.J., Fred Kieser, Jr., of
North Brunswick, N.J., Charles Harry Landesman, of Kearny, N.J.,
E. Robert Levy, of Livingston, N.J., Joseph James Maiorino, of
Trenton, N.J., Lawrence G. Moncher, of Englishtown, N.J., Theodore
A. Schwartz, of Livingston, N.J., Stephen Skillman, of Trenton, N.J.,
Andrew A. Valeriani, Jr., of Trenton, N.J., Irving Roy Venokur, of
West Orange, N.J., William J. Walsh, of Trenton, N.J., and Theodore
A. Winard, of Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Erwin N. Griswold.
John D. Ehrlichman, of Seattle, Wash., John P. Sears, of New York,
N.Y., and Harry S. Dent, of Columbia S.C., on motion of Mr. Richard
G. Kleindienst; William Carter Bowles, Jr., of Potomac, Md., on
motion of Mr. Charles McCurdy Mathias, Jr.; Robert G. Davis, of
Medford, Oreg., and Frank J. VanDyke, of Medford, Oreg., on mo-
tion of Mr. John R. Dellenback; Leonard B. Berger, of San Francisco,
Calif., and Dennis Hession, of San Mateo, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Paul N. McCloskey, Jr.; John Myron Compton, of San Jose, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Don Edwards; William Messing, of Tucson, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Morris K. Udall; Larry T. Hester, of Houston, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. O. C. Fisher; Harold A. Cannold, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; Daniel Nisson Pevos, of Oak Park,
340-278-69-97

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
401
Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur Sparks; Leslie V. Dix, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Joseph M.
Allen, Jr., of Mobile, Ala., David Stanley Cooper, of Berkeley, Calif.,
William Walter Kramer, of Washington, D.C., and Richard M.
Schnal, of Seaside, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Kaufman; Gerald
L. Reade, of Yankton, S. Dak., on motion of Miss Frances D. Biegel-
meier; Douglas B. Baily, of Anchorage, Alaska, on motion of Mr.
Ronald G. Birch; Thomas Joseph Carley, of Rockville Centre, N.Y.,
and Norman R. Thorpe, of Carlinville, Ill., on motion of Mr. Peter
Ehrenhaft; Charles W. Peckinpaugh, Jr., of Toledo, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. John F. Mahoney, Jr.; Leslie Scherr, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Robert H. Turtle; Warren F. B. Lindsley, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Frank L. Neuhauser, Jorge
Luis Suarez-Montes, of San Juan, P.R., Genovevo Melendez-Carrucini,
of San Juan, P.R., and Edmundo Vazquez-Otero, of San Juan, P.R.,
on motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick.
Robert J. McGarry, of Providence, R.I., Eustace T. Pliakas, of
Warwick, R.I., Edward J. Regan, of East Greenwich, R.I., and
Alfred B. Stapleton, of Little Compton, R.I., on motion of Mr. Ben-
jamin Feld; Edward Minor Prince, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of
Mr. Gregory S. Prince; Luis A. Feliciano-Carreras, of San Juan,
P.R., Charles E. Figueroa-Alvarez, of San Juan, P.R., Andres Garcia-
Arache, of San Juan, P.R., and Alcides Oquendo, of San Juan, P.R.,
on motion of Mr. Courtney A. Evans; Jay Roy Jones, of Clarkston,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Edward J. McCormick; H. Jack Klingen-
smith, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Donald A. Williams; Robert
G. Mebus, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Will R. Wilson, Jr.;
Richard Leo Sippel, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Alexander
J. Brown, Jr.; Ronald H. Reynier, of Pottstown, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Henry T. Crocker; Michael Stuart Hacker, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Philip Allan Hacker; Arnold E. Bruno, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wilberforce Sully, Jr., Donald Joseph May,
of Baltimore, Md., and A. Gus Mastracci, of Baltimore, Md., on motion
of Mr. James Frederick Bell; William Robert Spensley, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jay M. Cantor; Dennis L. Patterson,
of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Donald Reister Moore; Bernd
W. Sandt, of Washington, D.C., and M. Jerome Rudy, of Midland,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Edward B. Evans; Robert B. Schwartz, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Raymond M. Zimmet; Samuel
Herbert Nelson, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa., on motion of Mr. Matthew S.
Watson; Asa R. Ambrister, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Jerry Broadwell Stone; James Stuart Bowie, of St. Louis, Mo., on mo-
tion of Mr. Warren K. Morgens; Lowell L. Garrett, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Vincent Ambrose.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
402
John R. Thomas, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Rogen
Norris Boyd; Katherine M. Greene, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mrs. Rotraud Mezger Perry; Marion J. Foster, of Raleigh, N.C.,
and Edward Earl Hollowell, of Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Irving
E. Kaminsky; Wm. Louis White, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles M. Johnston; David G. Stevenson, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. James Reist Stoner; Donald L. Hobson, of Detroit,
Mich., and George Alfred Ross, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Erias S. Hyman; John C. Alldredge, of Anderson, Ind., Harold J.
Anderson, of Anderson, Ind., William G. Anderson, of Anderson, Ind.,
Nelson Bohannan, of Anderson, Ind., Craig B. Campbell, of Anderson,
Ind., William R. Clifford, of Anderson, Ind., Daniel Stevens Davisson,
of Anderson, Ind., Walter C. Dietzen, of Anderson, Ind., Ronald K.
Fowler, of Anderson, Ind., Joan Bashaw Gregg, of Anderson, Ind.,
Anna Cotton Hailey, of Elwood, Ind., Paul W. Kelley, of Anderson,
Ind., Vincent Kelley, of Anderson, Ind., Donald E. La Pierre, of
Anderson, Ind., Claude Burton McClintock, of Anderson, Ind., G.
Douglass Owens, of Pendleton, Ind., Don W. Peck, of Anderson, Ind.,
William L. Peck, of Anderson, Ind., Donald R. Phillippe, of Ander-
son, Ind., Daniel D. Quickel, of Anderson, Ind., Lawrence H. Robbins,
of Anderson, Ind., Robert Russell Robbins, of Anderson, Ind., Henry
P. Schrenker, of Anderson, Ind., Daryl E. Scott, of Anderson, Ind.,
John T. Scott, of Anderson, Ind., Carl T. Smith, of Anderson, Ind.,
Harry B. Thornburg, of Anderson, Ind., Joseph C. Urban, of Alex-
andria, Ind., John R. Walsh, of Anderson, Ind., and Alphaeus S.
Woolbert, of Anderson, Ind., on motion of Mr. David W. Dennis.
Harry Berlin, of Bayside, N.Y., Lee Harold Bostic, of Jamaica,
N.Y., Thomas J. Dillon, of Flushing, N.Y., Terry S. Eleftheriades,
of New York, N.Y., Albert I. Gilman, of No. Woodmere, N.Y.,
Patricia F. Gilmartin, of Howard Beach, N.Y., Ira M. Hariton, of
Bay Shore, N.Y., Kenneth R. Hendra, of Flushing, N.Y., Eli Katz,
of Great Neck, N.Y., John W. Kenny, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Robert
Philip Leighton, of Jamaica Estates, N.Y., Arthur W. Lonschein, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Robert I. Mandel, of Syosset, N.Y., James J. McDonald,
of Flushing, N.Y., Harold B. McLaughlin, of Flushing, N.Y., Ray-
mond F. O'Brien, of Jamaica, N.Y., Marjorie O'Connell, of Jamaica,
N.Y., Andrew J. Orensky, of Rockaway Beach, N.Y., Joan E. Ostern-
dorf, of Queens Village, N.Y., John F. Osterndorf, of Poughkeepsie,
N.Y., Joseph J. Regan, Jr., of Sunnyside, N.Y., Milard King Roper,
of Floral Park, N.Y., Lawrence R. Schneider, of New York, N.Y.,
Ronald Joseph Schwartz, of Bellerose, N.Y., Joscelyn E. Smith, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Francis J. Valentino, of Holliswood, N.Y., Donald
Warren, of Bellmore, N.Y., Jerome Martin Weinberg, of Rego Park,
N.Y., and Fritz Weinschenk, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
403
Benjamin S. Rosenthal; Peter B. Bass, of Ocean Township, N.J.,
Eugene B. Beck, of Montclair, N.J., Lawrence P. Brady, Jr., of
Kearny, N.J., Malcolm A. Colton, of Newark, N.J., Richard F. Con-
nors, of Jersey City, N.J., Alice Ashley Costello, of Trenton, N.J.,
John J. Crawley, Jr., of Parsippany-Troy Hills, N.J., Charles De
Fazio III, of Hoboken, N.J., Joseph S. DiMaria, of River Edge, N.J.,
Vincent T. Frank, of Jersey City, N.J., Eugene Sullivan Garrett, of
Rutherford, N.J., Philip R. Glucksman, of Morristown, N.J., Burton
Jay Ironson, of Springfield, N.J., J. George Ivler, of Fair Lawn,
N.J., Roger A. Hauser, of Englewood, N.J., Patrick J. Hanifin, of
Bloomfield, N.J., Henry A. Kaplan, of Neptune, N.J.
Thomas A. Kerwin, of Dunellen, N.J., Frederick W. Kuechenmeis-
ter, of Carlstadt, N.J., Herman W. Kurtz, of Irvington, N.J., Norman
A. Kurtz, of Livingston, N.J., Thomas G. Loman, of Cresskill, N.J.,
Patrick S. Mason, of Rumson, N.J., Robert McKeever, of Metuchen,
N.J., Fredric M. Milstein, of Interlaken, N.J., Phillip J. Paul, of
Lyndhurst, N.J., Ronald Reichstein, of Montclair, N.J., David N. Sam-
son, of Maplewood, N.J., Frederick C. Schneider III, of New Bruns-
wick, N.J., Thomas W. Sharlow, of Metuchen, N.J., Leonard J. Tafro,
of Newark, N.J., Roland Watson, of Jamaica, N.Y., Donald M. Weitz-
man, of Morristown, N.J., and E. Bruce Wetzel, Jr., of Brielle, N.J., on
motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; and James H. Allen, of Memphis,
Tenn., Gerald I. Arnson, of Dayton, Ohio, Edward S. Baran, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Hugh Y. Bernard, of Washington, D.C., Wallace Bock,
of New York, N.Y., Patrick H. Bowen, of New York, N.Y., Richard
L. Brand, of San Fernando, Calif., John G. Brosky, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Ralph I. Callen, of Anaheim, Calif., Calvin W. Chesson, of Char-
lotte, N.C., Jerome E. Cihak, of Chicago, Ill., Henry W. Collins, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Louis J. DiTrani, of Oxin Hill, Md., Harry L. Du-
Brin, Jr., of Albany, N.Y., Charles E. Echols, of Charlottesville, Va.,
W. David Etchason, of Ontario, Calif., Clarke Leroy Fauver, of Silver
Spring, Md., Edward T. Feierstein, of Philadelphia, Pa., Kenneth
Paul Franklin, of Houston, Tex., John M. Garjian, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Stephen M. Goldfarb, of Minneapolis, Minn., Roy E. Hamrick,
of San Leandro, Calif., Hugh Scott Hester, of Williamsburg, Va.,
Donald W. Higbee, of Silverado, Calif.
W. F. Hyer, of Houston, Tex., Laurence G. Kessler, of Richmond,
Va., Charles Stirling King, of Lake Charles, La., Lehman D. Krause,
of East St. Louis, Ill., Charles L. Langer, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
Matthew P. Lynch, of Northridge, Calif., Robert J. Maloof, of Has-
brouck Heights, N.J., John B. Markham, of Parson, Kans., Watson
M. Marshall, of Richmond, Va., Harold C. Meier, of Columbus, Ohio,
John Justin McCarthy, of La Jolla, Calif., Harold F. McLeran, of
Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, Joseph L. Osajda, of Chicago, Ill., Howard E.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
404
Petersen, of LaGrange, Ind., Lester M. Ricks, Jr., of Houston, Tex.,
Lawrence L. Robertson, of Dallas, Tex., Paul Edward Rosenberg, of
Hyattsville, Md., Robert P. Schifferman, of Los Angeles, Calif., Jerrold
E. Shaffner, of Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., Frank A. Shiers, of Bremerton,
Wash., Harold D. Stivers, of Louisville, Ky., Dan N. Taylor, of Mc-
Lean, Va., H. Franklin Taylor, III, of Richmond, Va., Lynn Charles
Thompson, of Arlington, Va., Kent M. Weeks, of Wooster, Ohio,
Seymour B. Zaban, of Benton Harbor, Mich., and Harold E. Zimmer,
of Lakewood, Colo., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Redding, were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 574. United States, petitioner, v. Estate of Joseph P. Grace,
deceased, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
Court of Claims for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
NorthErN
No. 749. Adolpho Rodriquez, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of California where petitioner
should be resentenced so that he may perfect an appeal in the manner
prescribed by the applicable rules. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
No. 488. Doris Daniel and Rosalyn Kyles, petitioners, v. Euell
Paul, Jr., etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Arkansas for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 701. Gaston County, North Carolina, appellant, v. United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan,
Mr. Justice Black dissents for substantially the same reasons he stated
in § (b) of his dissenting opinion in South Carolina v. Katzenbach,
383 U.S. 301, 355, 358.
No. 642. Edward Boykin, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Alabama for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
340-278-69-98

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
405
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 750. Glenn Martin Harrington, petitioner, v. California. On
Writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Marshall join.
C F
No. 646. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. J. J. Parker, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in vonformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice White join.
No. 798. United States, petitioner, v. Montgomery County Board
of Education et al.; and
No. 997. Arlam Carr, Jr., by Arlam Carr and Johnnie Carr, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery County Board of Education et al.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the United
States Court of Appeals with directions to affirm the judgment of the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 748. Thornton A. Jenkins, petitioner v. Delaware. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black with whom
Mr. Justice Douglas joins dissents for the reasons stated in his dis-
senting opinions in Linkletter v. Walker, 381 U.S. 618, 640, and
Johnson v. New Jersey, 381 U.S. 719, 736. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 1268. Maurice H. Kowan, appellant, v. California. Appeal
from the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of California,
County of Los Angeles. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
406
No. 1335. Nick M. Egleson, appellant, v. Massachusetts. Appeal
from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 1101. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen,
petitioner, v. Elgin, Joliet & Eastern Railway Company. The joint
motion to defer consideration of the petition for writ of certiorari is
granted.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 1875, Misc. Robert Baldwin, appellant, v. New York. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of New York. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis granted. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and
case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1291. United States, petitioner, v. Lelord Kordel and Alfred
Feldten. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 766, Misc. James Minor, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 1387, Misc. James Turner, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the sum-
mary calendar and set for oral argument immediately following No.
766, Misc.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1063. Charles Wright el al., petitioners, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1075. Sidney C. Knight, petitioner, v. Louisiana State Board
of Medical Examiners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 1162. Danica Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
407
No. 1201. Fred G. Hayden, dba Houston International Airport
Limousine Service, petitioner, v. A. G. Bowen et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1238. A. J. Batterton, Executor of the Will of Mary Todd
Batterton, deceased, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1256. Eddie Lee Hill, petitioner, v. Flota Mercante Gran-
colombiana, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No.1264. Glenn C. Wolfe, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 1270. Melvin McCown, petitioner, v. Humble Oil and Refining
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1272. Raymond Sheaffer et al., petitioners, v. Warehouse Em-
ployees Union, Local 730, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 1274. W. T. Smith, petitioner, v. A. P. Stoutomire. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 1278. Charles R. Armstrong, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1280. Mark Fein, petitioner, v. John T. Deegan, Warden. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1285. Detroit Vital Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1289. Daniel Morin et ux., petitioners, v. Victor S. Garra et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of New Jersey,
Appellate Division, denied.
No. 1296. American Smelting and Refining Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1300. Bond Transportation, Inc., petitioner v. Edward A. Cox
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 1301. Arthur I. Snyder, petitioner, v. Journal Publishing
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of Florida, Third District, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
408
No. 1308. Edward Don & Company et al., petitioners, v. Pearl Don
Ufland et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, First Judicial District, denied.
No. 660. In the matter of John Elwood Dennett, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file reprinted petition with amendments granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1266. Walter Dlutz, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Motion to dispense with printing and petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1279. United States, petitioner, v. Ideal Basic Industries, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Harlan
are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice White
and Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision
of this petition.
No. 1295. Alleghany Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Missouri
Pacific Railroad Company et al.;
No. 1328. Betty Levin et al., petitioners, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company; and
No. 1333. Rose Slayton et al., petitioners, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 959, Misc. Luis Rivera, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
write of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1015, Misc. Rogelio Nieves Negron, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Su-
☐ preme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1069, Misc. Thomas Geter, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson.
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 1172, Misc. Thomas Ruppert, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1348, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. Harold V. Field.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1513, Misc. Carl Edward Grindstaff, petitioner, v. Iowa. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
409
No. 1587, Misc. Gerald D. Peterson and Louis A. Derringer, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1597, Misc. Fleming Woodard, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1658, Misc. Emanuel Johnson, Jr., petitioner, v. Alfred T.
Rundle, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1693, Misc. Jerry Richard Lowry, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1696, Misc. Earl Staples, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1714, Misc. L. G. Ruderer, petitioner, v. Howard F. Schiltz
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1715, Misc. L. G. Ruderer, petitioner, v. U. S. Department of
Justice et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1740, Misc. Anthony Esperti, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1759, Misc. William A. Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Southern District of California. Petition for
I writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1802, Misc. James B. Yager, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 1818, Misc. Robert E. Fingar, petitioner, v. United States
Railroad Retirement Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1819, Misc. Homer A. Tillman, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1823, Misc. Benny Shaffner, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1826, Misc. Martin Eugene Tezak et al., petitioners, v. Christ
T. Seraphim, County Court Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
410
No. 1827, Misc. Mary M. Brown et al., petitioners, v. Bethania
Hospital et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1830, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. William J. Lynch
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1836, Misc. Donald Richard Massen, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 1837, Misc. Philip A. Albanese, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1844, Misc. Herbert Blyden, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1847, Misc. Norman Bork, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1848, Misc. Donald Wayne Searles, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 1851, Misc. Frank Lisciandrello, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1854, Misc. Vincent R. Lowrie, petitioner, v. Maurice Sigler.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1856, Misc. Ralph Davis, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1861, Misc. Charles Hughes, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Arizona denied.
No. 1862, Misc. Richard Francis Downie, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1864, Misc. Contee Harris, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1878, Misc. Theora L. Forestel, etc., petitioner, v. Penn Navi-
gation Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
411
No. 1891, Misc. Herbert F. Steigler, petitioner, v. Delaware. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Delaware, New
Castle County, denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1809, Misc. Charles H. Bagby, petitioner, v. California De-
partment of Corrections. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1843, Misc. Joseph E. Lifschutz, petitioner, v. John Arabian
et al. Motions of California State Psychological Association; and
American Psychiatric Association for leave to file briefs, as amicus
curiae, granted. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
and/or certiorari denied.
No. 1852, Misc. Donald J. O'Meara, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 578, October Term, 1963. Joseph D'Ercole, petitioner, v.
United States. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 1369, October Term, 1967. Arthur Sonderegger, petitioner, v.
Olive Heiss. Motion for leave to file second peititon for rehearing
dened. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or
decision of this motion.
No. 1283, Misc., October Term, 1967. Tomislav Kordic and
Venka Kordic, petitioners, v. P. A. Esperdy, District Director, Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service;
No. 280. United States, petitioner, v. Skelly Oil Company;
No. 834. Catherine T. Pendergraft, appellant, v. Mississippi;
No. 1122. The Fund of Funds, Ltd., petitioner, v. Ethel Roth;
No. 1511, Misc. William Randolph Cinnamon, petitioner, v.
Eaton, Sheriff, Jefferson County, Kentucky;
Joe
No. 1522, Misc. George H. Winkle, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden;
No. 1531, Misc. James Leo DeLorme and Douglas Loft Whitsitt,
petitioners, v. United States;
No. 1545, Misc. Mervin C. McKinney, petitioner, v. Joseph Boyle
et al.;

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1969
412
No. 1565, Misc. Jack D. McConnell, petitioner, v. Washington
et al.; and
No. 1568, Misc. William K. Parker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1112. William Leighton, etc., petitioner, v. The One William
Street Fund, Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1644, Misc. James E. Shock, petitioner, v. M. L. Tester et al.
Petition for rehearing and motion for stay denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 9, 1969.
Adjourned until Monday, June 9, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
413
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John W. Poole, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Eugene C. Payne, of
San Francisco, Calif., Paul D. Hunter, of Springfield, Mass., Arthur
Douglas Wolf, of Alexandria, Va., Paul S. Fenton, of Harrison,
N. Y., Lawrence Jack Moore, of Houston, Tex., Douglas Meek Moore,
of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Bernard Dobranski, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Erwin N. Griswold: Florence Riman Mc-
Master, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. William G. Ruckels-
haus; Vena Wilson Mohr, of Indianapolis, Ind., Mary Louis Wol-
fard, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Jeanette S. Bush, of Indianapolis,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Birch Bayh; Robert Smith Briggs, of Beau-
mont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; Wm. Cole-
man Branton, of Kansas City, Mo., James J. Murphy, of St. Louis,
Mo., and Richard Southern, of Monroe City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Thomas F. Eagleton; William B. Nabors, of Lincoln, Neb., on mo-
tion of Mr. Theodore Fulton Stevens; James Newton Castelberry,
Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Sparkman: James
A. McSwigan, Jr., of Ashtabula, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E.
Betts; Malcolm Anderson, of Boca Raton, Fla., and Reed A. Bryan,
of Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Daniel K.
Trevino, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert Christian
Eckhardt; Melvin Pearson Williams, of Andover, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Isaac N. Groner.
Claud Reid George, of Danville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee
Williams; Kent Scott Wilson, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr.
Walter L. Lewis; Francis Gillen Knipe, of Cleveland, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. George Atherton Williams; D. Robert Owen, of Albany,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Stephen J. Pollak; Jack F. Bonanno, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Michael Arthur Brown; Urban A.
Lester, of Washington, D.C., and Michael S. Yaroschuk, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Peyton Ford; Frederick S. Hird, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John Chisman Hanes: Harry N.
Stein, of Takoma Park, Md., and Herbert S. Nusbaum, of Beverly
Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lester S. Jayson; Pierce Barnard
Hasler, of Portland, Me., on motion of Mr. Henry Berliner; Gabriel T.
340-278-69-99

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
414
Pap, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Morris J. Levin; H. Van
Kirk Reeves, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Wm. Harvey
Reeves; Robert Leon Farmer, of Raleigh, N.C., and Theodore Reaves
Reynolds, of Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander;
Vincent E. Ferretti, of Staten Island, N.Y., and Vincent Eugene Fer-
retti, Jr., of Rockville, Md., on motion of Judge Joseph Michael Fran-
cis Ryan, Jr.; C. Wayne Smith, of Troy, Pa., on motion of Mr. John
Silard; Richard Kevin McHugh, of Selma, Ala., on motion of Mr.
James T. Stovall, III; David Robert Babb, of Belvidere, Ill., on mo-
tion of Mr. John Philip Carlson; Robert Partridge Smith, Jr., of
Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Duncan B. Phillips; Roy N.
Vance, of Paducah, Ky., on motion of Mr. John Henry Sandor;
Gerald E. Asher, of Helena, Ark., on motion of Mr. Charles Roscopf;
Stanley W. Schroeder, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Lawrence P.
Sherfy.
Robert Alvin Adler, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Michael
Howard Singer; Marcelino Slcala, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of
Mr. Raymond Dickey; A. Garland Williams of Berryville, Va., on
motion of Mr. Robert Goodloe Harper; Norman Alan Wulf, of Los
Nation, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Frank A. Nelson; Joseph B. Helm, of
Louisville, Ky., and Stephen Chalmer Taylor, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Ralph Werner; Barbara A. Bowman, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry A. Babcock; David Phillip Tennant,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. William Alan Fawcett; Harry
Stein, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harold L. Talisman; Robert
V. Brawley, of Winston-Salem, N.C., on motion of Mr. Edmund D.
Campbell; Richard Woodward Hulbert, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Robert C. Barnard; James Clay Long, of Tulsa, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Joe A. Cannon; Thomas Edwin Woodhouse, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Conrad Kenneth Harper; Harold
Johnson, of Arroyo Grande, Calif., on motion of Mr. Alfred Joseph
Tighe, Jr.; Eli H. Subin, of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. Marvin
Elliot Lewis; Gordon Selleck Judd, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Jerrold Scoutt, Jr.; Frederick Thomas Smith, of Portland,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Adrian Sanford Fisher; Manuel Peter Scar-
moutsos, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. George D. Vournas;
David Glynne Owen, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. George
Cabell Buscik; Ronald Ashton Fonseca, of Metairie, La., on motion of
Mr. Milton Paul Shore.
Hugo Alexander, of Steubenville, Ohio, Dominic J. Bianco, of
Steubenville, Ohio, Joseph J. Bruzzese, of Steubenville, Ohio, Joseph
Simon Carpino, of Steubenville, Ohio, Myron Willard Coleman, of
Irondale, Ohio, John Oliver England, of Steubenville, Ohio, Joseph
Freedman, of Steubenville, Ohio, John J. Griesinger, of Steubenville,

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
415
Ohio, Milton Arthur Hayman, of Steubenville, Ohio, Samuel Wag-
ner Kerr, of Steubenville, Ohio, George Mazaris, of Steubenville,
Ohio, Peter Samuel Olivito, of Steubenville, Ohio, Dominic Joseph
Potts, of Steubenville, Ohio, Richard Laland Powell, of Steuben-
ville, Ohio, and Adam Edward Scurti, of Steubenville, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William McHenry Hoiles, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 228. John T. Willingham and C. A. Jarvis, petitioners, v.
Daniel Morgan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mar-
shall. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 548. Roderick Jenkins, appellant, v. John Julien McKeithen
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Mr. Justice Marshall announced the judgment of the Court and
delivered an opinion in which Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr.
Justice Brennan join. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result for the
reasons stated in his dissenting opinion in Hannah v. Larche, 363 U.S.
420, 493–508 (1960). Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart
and Mr. Justice White join.
No. 436. Paulette Boudeaux Rodrique et al., petitioners, v. Aetna
Casualty and Surety Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments reversed
and case remanded to the appropriate United States District Courts
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 2. Red Lion Broadcasting Co., Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Communications Commission et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit; and
No. 717. United States et al., petitioners, v. Radio Television News
Directors Association et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment in No. 2 affirmed.
Judgment in No. 717 reversed and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Not having heard oral argu-
ment, Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the Court's decision.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
416
No. 130. Christine Sniadach, petitioner, v. Family Finance Cor-
poration of Bay View et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 492. Clarence Brandenburg, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Ohio for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 841. Tommie E. L. Williams, petitioner, v. City of Oklahoma
City et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Oklahoma. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 838. Daniel Soranno, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated, and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of California for further consideration in light of
McKart v. United States, 395 U.S. - decided May 26, 1969. Opinion
per curiam.
,
No. 1293. Charles A. Meeker, appellant, v. Roy T. Walker et ux.
Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit. Motion to dispense with printing jurisdictional statement grant-
ed. Judgment affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1294. Norman Ramm, appellant, v. Arnold Ramm. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of New York. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 966, Misc. Jesse Louis Jones, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
417
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California for further consideration in light of Alderman
v. United States, 394 U.S. 165. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1048, Misc. Carl McNeil, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and pe-
tition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Virginia for further consideration in light of McKart v. United
States, 395 U.S. decided May 26, 1969. Opinion per curiam.
,
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 1275, October Term, 1967. Walter Butterman et ux., peti-
tioners, v. Walston & Co., Inc., et al. The petition to reopen this cause
and for other relief is denied.
No.
No.
In the Matter of the petition of Sherman H. Skolnick; and
. In the Matter of the petition of E. J. Albright. The peti-
tions to conduct investigation and for other relief are denied.
No. -. Willard F. Manuel, petitioner, v. Illinois. The applica-
tion for bail presented to Mr. Justice Douglas, and by him referred
to the Court, is denied.
No. 1406. William Monks, petitioner, v. New Jersey. The motion
of the petitioner for the appointment of counsel is granted and it is
ordered that Anthony G. Amsterdam, Esquire, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, a member of the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby,
appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 1140. Thomas F. Kenney, petitioner, v. Charles H. Haugh,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied.
No. 1244. Radio Corporation of America, petitioner, v. SCM
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1258. Edward A. Dosek, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1271. Kenneth H. Dolleris, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
340-279-69-100

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
418
No. 1281. Mississippi Valley Portland Cement Company, peti-
tioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1282. William Ronald Welch, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1292. Richard Arthur Davis, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1298. John J. McMullen Associates, Inc., petitioner, v. State
Board of Higher Education et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1299. August Hoerdt, as Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. City of
Evanston. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 1302. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. United
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims denied.
No. 1304. Geauga Plastics Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1305. Jarvis E. Gooch, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1312. Grant M. Acton et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1313. C. Emily Freccia aka Mrs. Clyde Banks, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1315. John S. Griffith et al., petitioners, v. County of Los
Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1316. Ted Bushman, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Santa Barbara, denied.
No. 1317. Pomona Valley Center, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. County
of Los Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1321. Pomona Valley Center, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. County
of Los Angeles et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1324. Chester DeWitt Menk, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
419
No. 1326. St. James Temple of the A.O.H. Church of God, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Board of Appeals of the City of Chicago et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois,
First District, denied.
No. 1330. Raymond Clark, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Ken-
neth B. Ater et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 1334. Golten Marine Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Trelleborgs
Angfartygs A/B et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1343. Thomas Wilkinson, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1347. Stanley-Artex Windows, Division of the Stanley Works,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1352. Francis T. Norman et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1297. John M. Riley, petitioner, v. Delaware. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware denied. Mr. Justice
White is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1310. Benjamin F. Marlowe, petitioner, v. J. Frank Coakley
et al. Motion to dispense with printing petition granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this motion and petition.
No. 1446. Thomas J. Dodd, petitioner, v. Drew Pearson and Jack
Anderson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 224, Misc. Frank Sturm, petitioner, v. California Adult Au-
thority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1773, Misc. Richard Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1817, Misc. Milton Alred, petitioner, v. C. Murray Henderson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1825, Misc. Calvin C. Campbell, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-

1
'MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
420
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1850, Misc. Charles Nelis Ploss, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1860, Misc. Gary Montgomery and Marion L. Montgomery, pe-
titioners, v. Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 1863, Misc. Leslie F. Mike, petitioner, v. New York and Elea-
nora Zimmerman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1866, Misc. Brady Howard, petitioner, v. New York; and
No. 1901, Misc. Leroy Miles, petitioner, v. New York. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1886, Misc. John Palmer, Jr., petitioner, v. Raymond
Procunier, Director of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1894, Misc. Roberto Colon Morales, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1905, Misc. Marion Stevenson, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Man-
cusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1906, Misc. Jerry Spencer Diamond, petitioner, v. Louis S.
Nelson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 1908, Misc. Richard Baker and Marvin Carter, petitioners, v.
James F. Maroney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1912, Misc. Thomas Joseph Fleming, petitioner, v. Harold V.
Field. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 1913, Misc. Elmo Ballard, Jr., petitioner, v. Gus Harrison,
Director, Michigan's Corrections and Prisons, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1914, Misc. Harry Reed, Jr., petitioner, v. John Doyle, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
421
No. 1919, Misc. James Milton Harding, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 1923, Misc. Harry Koch, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate
Division, denied.
No. 1938, Misc. Raymond T. Davis, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1942, Misc. Robert Bye, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1957, Misc. Marion Stevenson, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Man-
cusi, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1958, Misc. Leonard C. Hutchinson, petitioner, v. L. S. Nelson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1961, Misc. Thomas A. Davis, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 979, Misc. Cleveland L. Sellers, Jr., petitioner, v. Melvin R.
Laird, Secretary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with the Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Marshall join.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 2096, Misc. Robert S. Strauss, petitioner, v. Preston G. Smith,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF INJUNCTION DENIED
No. 2013, Misc. John Wesley McLean, petitioner, v. P. J. Ciccone.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of injunction denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 343. United States, petitioner, v. An Article of Drug
Bacto-Unidisk . . .;
E.
No. 1126. Sam Nick Farinella and William Joseph Dara, peti-
tioners, v. United States;

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1969
422
No. 1713, Misc. Solomissey Jessy, petitioner, v. Superior Court of
California and Los Angeles County; and
No. 1732, Misc. John Bullis, petitioner, v. Carl Hocker, Warden.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1256, Misc. Sadie L. Campbell, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 1290, Misc. William Ralph, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for rehearing and stay of execution denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 16,
1969.
Adjourned until Monday, June 16, 1969, at 10 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
423
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White,
and Mr. Justice Marshall.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lawrence Jules Ross, of Chicago, Ill., George H. Mitchell, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., Curtis Arthur Jennings, of Scottsdale, Ariz.,
Daren Thomas Johnson, of Los Angeles, Calif., Charles Henry Dam-
sel, Jr., of West Palm Beach, Fla., John R. Beranek, of West Palm
Beach, Fla., Theodore Babbitt, of West Palm Beach, Fla., Jerald
Vickers Smith, of Lewiston, Idaho, David L. Tennent, of Detroit,
Mich., Jay Murray Fidell, of New York, N.Y., Bruce H. Harlton,
Jr., of Tulsa, Okla., and Kier T. Boyd, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Edwin N. Griswold; Gertrude A. Score,
of Denver, Colo., and Donald P. Smith, Jr., of Littleton, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Donald G. Brotzman; Gary W. Flakne, of Minneapolis,
Minn., and Leonard David Brod, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Clark MacGregor; Maurice J. Serpas, of Galliano, La., on
motion of Mr. Patrick T. Caffery; Hubert Joseph Merrick, of Seattle,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Floyd V. Hicks; Edward L. Morgan, of
Phoenix, Ariz., and Henry C. Cashen II, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. John D. Erlichman; William L. Dill, Jr., of Montclair, N.J.,
and John C. Lifland, of Summit, N.J., on motion of Mr. Paul Porter;
Rickard T. O'Neil, of Milwaukee, Wisc., on motion of Mr. Murray
Bring; Clark Shanahan, of Owosso, Mich., on motion of Mr. Wilbur
D. Sparks; James C. Noonan, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr.
Loren Dale MacIver; James Paul Lowery, of Montgomery, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Wendell Wilkie Mitchell; William O'Connor Harnisch,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; James
C. Wood, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. G. Robert Blakey;
Lloyd D. Young, Annadale, Va., on motion of Mr. Jerome A. Tintle;
John T. Dolan, of North Caldwell, N.J., and Michael R. Griffinger, of
Newark, N.J., on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; Paul N. Stern-
bach, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph DeFranco; Jerry
S. Berk, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solomon Alpher;
Thomas R. Ferguson, of Oxnard, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Edward Casey; Richard L. Bacon, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Walter James Rockler; Perry M. Berke, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. William Harvard Dailey; Malcolm W. Houston, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Richard H. Love; John A. O'Keefe, Jr., of
340-278-69-101

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
424
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. James T. Burkardt; Albert Ohra-
lik, of Huntsburg, Ohio, and Karl A. Ohralik, of Huntsburg, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Greer, Jr.; Alan Donald Lewis, of Denver,
Colo., and William Cooper Sabin, of Rockville, Md., on motion of Mr.
Stuart E. Seigel; Harold W. Gavin, of Sanford, N.C., on motion of
Mr. H. Dudley Payne; William Wayne Shinn, of Kansas City, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Jerome Ian Chapman; and David Hittner, of Houston,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Milton Dunn, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 56. Lear, Incorporated, petitioner, v. John S. Adkins. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of California for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join concurring in part
and dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice White concurring
in part.
No. 830. Dale E. Noyd, petitioner, v. Charles R. Bond, Jr., etc.,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 624. Clyde A. Perkins, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
of California. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court of the District of Oregon with
directions to reinstate its judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall with whom Mr. Justice Stewart
joins concurring in part and dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 776. Utah Public Service Commission, appellant, v. El Paso
Natural Gas Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Utah. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Utah for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Mr. Justice White and Mr.
Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 138. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. John W.
McCormack et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed
as to respondents McCormack, Albert, Ford, Celler and Moore. Judg-
ment reversed as to respondents Jennings, Johnson and Miller and

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
425
case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia with instructions to enter a declaratory judgment and
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 573. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Gissel
Packing Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 691. Food Store Employees Union, Local No. 347, Amalga-
mated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Gissel Packing Company, Inc. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
and
No. 585. The Sinclair Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit. Judgment in No. 585 affirmed. Judgments
in Nos. 573 and 691 reversed insofar as they decline enforcement of
the order of the National Labor Relations Board to bargain and cases
remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand cases
to the Board for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
་
No. 258. Morris H. Kramer, appellant, v. Union Free School Dis-
trict No. 15 et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Harlan join.
No. 705. Joseph Q. Cipriano, appellant, v. City of Houma et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Stewart concur in the judgment of the Court. Mr. Justice
Harlan, while adhering to his views expressed in dissent in Reynolds
v. Sims, 377 U.S. 533, 589 (1964); Harper v. Virginia Board of Elec-
tions, 383 U.S. 663, 680 (1966); and Avery v. Midland County, 390
U.S. 474, 486 (1968), but considering himself bound by the Court's
decision in those cases, concurs in the result.
No. 670. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. California. On writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District. Writ
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
The Chief Justice said:
426
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 1070. Frank Peter Balistrieri, Petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for rehearing. Petition for rehearing granted and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit vacated. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Illinois for further proceedings in light
of Alderman v. United States, 394 U.S. 165, and Giordano v. United
States, 394 U.S. 310. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 1357. James Bisenius, appellant, v. James Karns, Commis-
sioner of Motor Vehicles. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Wis-
consin. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 208, Misc. William Stanbridge, petitioner, v. New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals of New York for further consideration in light of
Bruton v. United States, 391 U.S. 123. Opinion per curiam.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. Anne Friedman, petitioner, v. United States. The appli-
cation for bail presented to the Chief Justice, and by him referred
to the Court, is denied.
No. 35, Original. United States, plaintiff, v. State of Maine
et al. The motion for leave to file the bill of complaint is granted
and the defendant States are allowed sixty days to answer.
No. 2, Misc. Stephen S. Chandler, United States District Judge
for the Western District of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Judicial Council
of the Tenth Circuit of the United States. The motion of Carl L.
Shipley for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The
motion to advance is denied. The case is set for oral argument on
October 20, 1969, on the motion for leave to file the petition for writ
of prohibition and/or mandamus. Additional briefs may be filed by
the parties and the petitioner's brief, if any, is due within sixty days
and that of the respondent within sixty days thereafter. Mr. Justice
Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of these matters.

1
MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
427
No. 163. Evelle J. Younger, appellant, v. John Harris, Jr., et al.;
No. 244. John S. Boyle, Chief Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook
County, Illinois, et al., appellants, v. Lawrence Landry et al.;
No. 269. Lester Gunn et al., appellants, v. University Committee
to End the War in Viet Nam et al.; and
No. 580. George Samuels et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Mackell,
District Attorney, et al.; and
No. 813. Fred Fernandez, appellant, v. Thomas J. Mackell, District
Attorney, et al. These cases are restored to the calendar for reargu-
ment. No. 163 is set for oral argument immediately following Nos.
580 and 813.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 1363. City of Chicago et al., appellants, v. United States et al.;
and
No. 1364. City of Chicago et al., appellants, v. United States et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. In those cases probable jurisdiction noted. Cases con-
solidated and a total of one hour allotted for oral argument.
No. 1415. Frederick Walz, appellant, v. Tax Commission of the
City of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York.
In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 1271, Misc. Clemon Barlow et al., petitioners, v. B. L. Collins,
etc., et al. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 995. Ross Howard, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1089. Benjamin Levinson and Franklin Mortgage Corporation,
petitioners v. United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1216. Charles Adjmi, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Third District,
denied.
No. 1286. Robert P. Nees, petitioner v. R. E. Culbertson. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No.1290. Charles A. A'Hearn, petitioner, v. Committee on Unlaw-
ful Practice of the Law of the New York County Lawyers' Associa-
340-278-69--102

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
428
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 1306. Dossie Walls, petitioner, v. Vincent R. Mancusi, War-
den. Petition for writ of ceriorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1319. Stanley V. Tucker, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Central District of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1320. Cunningham Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. Harry Bail
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seven Circuit denied.
No. 1322. Tennie Weaver, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1327. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Mike Sabella.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1336. Octavia Foster et al., petitioners, v. Willard M. Hamblin,
Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1337. Acacia Mutual Life Insurance Company et al., petition-
ers, v. Albert J. Jordan, Superintendent of Insurance for the District
of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1340. Anthony Acarino, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1344. William Paul Plumley, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1351. Harry S. Stonehill and Robert P. Brooks, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1354. Charles F. Krause, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Lucien Andre Chartier et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1355. Blumcraft of Pittsburgh, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens and
Southern National Bank of South Carolina et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1356. Harry Sugarman, petitioner, v. Jack B. Forbragd et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
429
No. 1365. Douglas Neall Pine, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 1367. Charles Quinn Blackwell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1369. Morise Thal, petitioner, v. Commonwealth Financial
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1377. Marra Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. Jack Longo. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 986. Hiland Dairy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The Kroger
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1309. Frank Guido, petitioner, v. City of Schenectady et al.
Petition for writ of ceriorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1329. New Hampshire, petitioner. v. Atomic Energy Commis-
sion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1338. Cheng Ho Mui and Pun Yi Pan, petitioners, v. Domi-
nick Rinaldi, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1342. John Leo, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1368. Henry Beck, Superintendent of the Pulaski County
Penal Farm, et al., petitioners, v. Robert Winters. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 1424. The Eimco Corporation, petitioner, v. Peterson Filters
and Engineering Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1276. William H. Roberts, petitioner, v. William J. McDonald
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brennan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
430
No. 1419. H. K. Porter Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United Saw,
File and Steel Products Workers of America, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 13, Misc. Ernest E. Crume, Jr., petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 143, Misc. Fred S. Adams, petitioner, v. California et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 956, Misc. Milton Rivera, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1174, Misc. Wade C. Smith, petitioner, v. Louis S. Nelson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 1313, Misc. Clayton Dial, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 1347, Misc. Edward H. Milne, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Vermont
denied.
No. 1368, Misc. James McArthur Armstrong, petitioner, v. Missis-
sippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi denied.
No. 1421, Misc. John Crawford Poole, petitioner, v. Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 1491, Misc. Gary Wendell Fryar, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 1636, Misc. Kerma Sue Walters Fryar, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1537, Misc. Allen Golson and William Perkins, petitioners, v.
Frank J. Pate, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1554, Misc. Harry William Theriault, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1661, Misc. Lyle M. Kelley, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for write of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
431
No. 1662, Misc. Edward H. Milne, petitioner, v. Marcel La Flamme.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Vermont.
denied.
No. 1711, Misc. Armando Camarillo, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 1721, Misc. Saul Kozuck et ux., petitioners, v. Peoples Trust
Company of Bergen County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 1758. Misc. Joseph R. Castruita, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Northern District of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1780, Misc. Elizabeth Williams, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 1796, Misc. Doris Brunette, petitioner, v. Kesley Edmo et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 1799, Misc. Robert D. Daily, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1828, Misc. William Clinton Smith, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1831, Misc. Charles Lee Powell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1835, Misc. Wrightson Samuel Tongue, Jr., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1845, Misc. William R. Fowler, Jr., petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1846, Misc. Learley Reed Goodwin, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1865, Misc. Donald Eugene Anderson, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1869, Misc. Manoutcher Aadal, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
432
No. 1872, Misc. Richard Marz, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, First Ap-
pellate District, denied.
No. 1881, Misc. Thomas Roessler, petitioner, v. New Mexico. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New Mexico
denied.
No. 1884, Misc. Paulus E. Churchwell, petitioner, v. Hobert Beck-
ham. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1885, Misc. Samir I. Tantash, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1887, Misc. James H. Grissom, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1889, Misc. Phil Anthony Pinelli, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1897, Misc. Lorenzo Peinado, petitioner, v. Adult Authority of
the Department of Corrections et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1903, Misc. Gilbert Lee Durham, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1904, Misc. Raymond Huarneck, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La-
Vallee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1907, Misc. Robert Lee Quigley, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1910, Misc. Clinton Martin Fleishour, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1911, Misc. Clarence Patrick Gallagher, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1921, Misc. I. J. Dallas, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for New York denied.
No. 1922, Misc. William Ray Chase, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 1926, Misc. Thomas Munoz Martinez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
433
No. 1927, Misc. Donald Shields, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1932, Misc. James Burks, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1935, Misc. Leo Desroches, petitioner, v. Arthur A. Carrelas,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode Is-
land denied.
No. 1937, Misc. Jack Kamsler, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, War-
den, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1946, Misc. Ward Noah McElroy, petitioner, v. Director of
Patuxent Institution et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1947, Misc. Willie Arthur Davis, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California de-
nied.
No. 1950, Misc. Charles Edward LeMay, petitioner, v. C. Murray
Henderson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1952, Misc. Edward A. Timmons, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 1953, Misc. Harold Edward Johnson, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California,
denied.
No. 1954, Misc. Jerry McChesney, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1956, Misc. Louis Ludwik Furtak, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York,
denied.
No. 1962, Misc. Sherman Hooper, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi, denied.
No. 1968, Misc. John J. Pepitone, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1990, Misc. Richard Eugene Mauch, petitioner, v. Raymond J.
Buchkoe, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1997, Misc. William K. Kam, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. City
and County of Honolulu, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Hawaii denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
434
No. 2015, Misc. Jasper Lowery, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 2042, Misc. Ellis E. Jones, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 952, Misc. Bruce B. Sayers and Ronald G. Trevail, petitioners,
v. New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certio-
rari should be granted.
No. 1135, Misc. William Winegar, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1323, Misc. Frank B. W. Davidson, petitioner, v. California
et al;
No. 2062, Misc. Louis M. Ursini, Jr., petitioner, v. United States;
No. 2065, Misc. Robert Greene, petitioner, v. New York et al.;
No. 2075, Misc. Richard Hoyt Tivis, petitioner, v. United States
et al.;
No. 2103, Misc. Bennie Lee Scott, petitioner, 2. George A. Kropp,
Warden; and
No. 2168, Misc. Robert Corbin, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superientendent, State Correctional Institution. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 1050. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. The Public
Utilities Commission of the State of California; and
No. 1152. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. Public Utilities
Commission of the State of California et al.;
No. 1109. Edna Weed, petitioner, v. Owen Bilbrey, Sr., et al.;
No. 642, Misc. Russell T. Halliday, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 688, Misc. Harold Hanger et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 1263, Misc. P. Carey, petitioner, v. George Washington Uni-
versity; and
No. 1741, Misc. Kelley Whitehead, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1969
RECESS ORDER
435
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 23, 1969,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 23, 1969, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
436
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice
Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Marshall.
OPINIONS
No. 201. John Dalmer Benton, petitioner, v. Maryland. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Marshall. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom
Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
No. 413. North Carolina et al., petitioners, v. Clifton A. Pearce.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit; and
No. 418. Curtis M. Simpson, Warden, petitioner, v. William S.
Rice. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice
Marshall joins. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black concurring in part and
dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part
and dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice White concurring
in part.
No. 770. Ted Steven Chimel, petitioner, v. California. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of California for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stewart. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Black
joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 598. Atlas Engine Works, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition for writ of
340-278-69-103

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
437
certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals with instructions to remand the case to the Board
for further consideration in light of NLRB v. Gissel Packing Co.,
Inc., 395 U.S., decided June 16, 1969. Opinion per curiam.
No. 906. Thrift Drug Company of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition
for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand the case to the
Board for further consideration in light of NLRB v. Gissel Packing
Co., Inc., 395 U.S. -, decided June 16, 1969. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1213. Lou DeYoung's Market Basket, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition
for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand the case to the
Board for further consideration in light of NLRB v. Gissell Pack-
ing Co., Inc., 395 U.S. -, decided June 16, 1969. Opinion per
curiam.
'
No. 1273. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The
Pembek Oil Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand to the Board for
further consideration in light of NLRB v. Gissel Packing Co., Inc.,
395 U.S. decided June 16, 1969. Opinion per curiam.
No. 837. Monique Von Cleef et al., petitioners, v. New Jersey. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of New Jersey,
Appellate Division, Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment reversed, and case remanded to the Superior Court of New Jer-
sey, Appellate Division, for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan concurring in the result. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
White concur in granting certiorari but dissent from reversal and
remand of the judgment without a hearing.
No. 1022. William Proner, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
vacated, and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further con-
sideration in light of Benton v. Maryland, 395 U.S. _, decided this
date. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1370. Alexander H. Lindsay, appellant, v. Joseph J. Kelley,
Jr., Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District. The motion of
the Pennsylvania Bar Association for leave to file a brief, as amicus

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
438
curiae, is granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is de-
nied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1414. J. W. Anderson et al., appellant, v. The Urban Renewal
and Community Development Agency of the City of Paducah, Ken-
tucky. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdic-
tion. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1539. Julia Rosado et al., petitioners, v. George K. Wyman,
etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 1540. Julia Rosado et al., appellants, v. George K. Wyman,
etc. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York et al.
The motions of Joseph Barbaro et al.; and American Civil Liber-
ties Union et al., for leave to file briefs, as amici curiae, are granted.
The motion to expedite review is denied. The application to vacate
the stays granted by the Court of Appeals on June 11, 1969, and
June 19, 1969, of the injunctions of the District Court presented
to Mr. Justice Brennan, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari before judgment in No. 1539 is denied.
The appeal in No. 1540 is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justicce Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan took no
part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 540, Misc. Bruce Warnie Shipley, petitioner, v. California.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black
concurs in granting certiorari but dissents from the reversal and
remand of the judgment without a hearing. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice White.
No. 652, Misc. Richard Lee Byers, petitioner, v. City of Oklahoma
City et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Oklahoma. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma for further
consideration in light of Williams v. City of Oklahoma City, 395 U.S.
decided June 9, 1969.
,
No. 996, Misc. Manuel Moya and Ernestine Moya, appellants, v.
Dan Debaca, etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court

1
MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
439
for the District of New Mexico. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Jus-
tice Brennan would vacate judgment and remand case for further
consideration in light of Sniadach v. Family Finance Corp. of Bay
View, 395 U.S.- -, decided June 9, 1969.
No. 1259, Misc. Harold Frank White, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further consideration
in light of Benton v. Maryland, 395 U.S. -, decided this date. Opin-
ion per curiam.
No. 1642, Misc. Carroll M. House, appellant, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 1879, Misc. John P. Tillman et al., petitioners, v. United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari as to Fox granted, and as
to all other petitioners petition for writ of certiorari denied. Judg-
ment vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Georgia for further consideration in light
of Alderman v. United States, 394 U.S. 165. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 1939, Misc. James L. Dillard, appellant, v. Family Court,
Queens County, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. Cleveland Board of Education, petitioner, v. Pearl E.
Masheter. The application for stay presented to Mr. Justice Douglas,
and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
•
No. Geoffrey W. Sloan, petitioner, v. Local Board No. 1, Ber-
nalillo County, New Mexico, et al. The application for stay presented
to Mr. Justice White, and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 216. Patrick G. Martone, appellant, v. Cecil Morgan et al. The
respondents are requested to file a response to the petition for rehear-
ing within thirty days.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
440
No. 1036. The Tobacco Institute, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Communications Commission et al.;
No. 1059. National Association of Broadcasters et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Communications Commission et al.;
No. 1060. American Broadcasting Companies, Inc., petitioner, v.
Federal Communications Commission et al.; and
No. 1067. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., petitioners, v.
Federal Communications Commission et al. The Solicitor General is
invited to file a memorandum expressing the views of the respondents
with respect to the applicability to these cases of the opinion in Red
Lion Broadcasting Co., etc., et al. v. Federal Communications Com-
mission et al., 395 U.S. (decided June 9, 1969).
-
No. 1474. James Turner, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that
Josiah E. DuBois, Jr., Esquire, of Camden, New Jersey, a member of
the Bar of this Court, be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 2085, Misc. Safeguard Mutual Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Abraham L. Freedman, Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit, et al.;
No. 2164, Misc. Richard E. Jones, petitioner, v. Pratt & Whitney,
Inc., et al.; and
No. 2199, Misc. Marvin Puryear, appellant, v. Frank S. Hogan,
District Attorney, etc., et al. The motions to expedite are denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 1131, Misc. Gladys Boddie et al., appellants, v. Connecticut
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Connecticut. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
In this case probable jurisdiction noted. Case transferred to the ap-
pellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 1977, Misc. Lelia Mae Sanks et al., appellants, v. Georgia
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Georgia. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis granted. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion noted and case transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the
summary calendar and set for oral argument immediately following
No. 1232.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 846. Joseph Waller, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, Second
District, granted. Case placed on the summary calendar and set for
oral argument immediately following No. 1099.
340-278-69-104

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
441
No. 1246. Association of Data Processing Service Organizations,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. William B. Camp, Comptroller of the Cur-
rency of the United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 515, Misc. Dennis Mullene Moon, petitioner, v. Maryland. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket, placed on the summary calendar and
set for oral argument immediately following No. 477. In addition to
the questions presented by the petition counsel are requested to brief
and argue the question of retroactivity of North Carolina v. Pearce,
395 U.S., and Simpson v. Rice, 395 U.S.- (both decided this date).
No. 995, Misc. Charles Lee Parker, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of North Carolina granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the summary calendar,
and set for oral argument immediately following No. 1064.
No. 1925, Misc. Robert M. Brady, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the
summary calendar, and set for oral argument immediately following
No. 1064.
No. 1254, Misc. Earl Price, petitioner, v. Georgia. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Georgia granted. Case transferred to the ap-
pellate docket, placed on the summary calendar, and set for oral argu-
ment immediately following No. 515 Misc. In addition to the questions
presented by the petition, counsel are requested to brief and argue
the question of retroactivity of Benton v. Maryland, 395 U.S. - (de-
cided this date) and whether that decision is applicable to this case.
No. 2083, Misc. Michael Buie, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket, placed on the sum-
mary calendar, and set for oral argument immediately following No.
1473.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 916. Theodore Varitimos, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.

‘MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
442
No. 1163. Frank Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1307. Edward M. Heligman, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1323. James B. Polson, petitioner, v. Idaho. Petition for writ
of certiorari to Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 1325. Clyde H. Hale, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1345. Michael Zaffarano, petitioner, v. Walter W. Fitzpatrick,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1358. Pacific Oil Company, petitioner, v. Walter J. Hickel,
Secretary of the Interior of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1371. Sigmund Goldblatt, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1372. Robert C. Cotten, Jr., petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1373. Nathan Wechsler, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1375. Wolf Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Leon Green; and
No. 1376. Troster, Singer & Co., petitioner, v. Leon Green. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1378. William H. Lutsko and Harold S. Lutsko, petitioners, v.
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 1379. Walter Humphrey et al., petitioners, v. Dealers Trans-
port Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1383. Jack L. Roach, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Connecticut denied.
No. 1384. Howard H. Baldwin and Clair C. Wagner, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1476. Norfolk and Western Railway Company, petitioner, v.
James Odell Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1500. Pikes Peak Broadcasting Company et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
443
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia Circuit denied.
No. 500. Arnold Grover Schmear, petitioner, v. John R. Gagnon,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1314. Garwin Corporation et al., petitioners, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 1381. Joseph N. Tooni et al., petitioners, v. Eugene Zuckert,
Secretary of the Air Force. Motion of District Lodge 23, International
Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers for leave to file a
brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 271, Misc. John Edward Daugherty, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Craven, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 734, Misc. John Marshall Hartley, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 1045, Misc. Anthony G. Saville, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1086, Misc. William I. Davis, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1282, Misc. Donald A. Cavanaugh, petitioner v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 1422. Misc. Francis Rhodes Vickers, petitioner v. West Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of West Virginia denied.
No. 1428, Misc. William R. Liss, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1518, Misc. Tony Scolari, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1543, Misc. Gabriel Rangel, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
444
No. 1559, Misc. Michael Joseph Gurleski, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1737, Misc. David Brian Stoppelman, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1833, Misc. Michael Pasterchik, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1855, Misc. Thomas C. Warnock, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied.
No. 1858, Misc. John Marshall Stocker, Jr., petitioner, v. Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 1859, Misc. Chin Kee, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 1880, Misc. Mike Waldo Simmons, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1883, Misc. Thomas Brewer Turner, petitioner, v. Carlton
Wilkes et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1896, Misc. John Marvin White, petitioner, v. Walter Craven,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1899, Misc. Aaron Roosevelt Green, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1900, Misc. Salvatore Rispo, Jr., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 1909, Misc. Robert Martinez, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 1916, Misc. Percy Rutherford, petitioner, v. John T. Deegan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1920, Misc. Isaac Bud Wilson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
340-278-69-105

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
445
No. 1929, Misc. Henry Squire, petitioner, v. John Rush, Warden,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1931, Misc. Jesse Ross Safley, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1933, Misc. Norina Lelii, petitioner, v. Dolente Construction
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 1940, Misc. Luis Morales, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1948, Misc. Albert Harris, Jr., petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1951, Misc. William Kenneth Parrish, petitioner,, v. C. C.
Peyton, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1955, Misc. Charles William Caton, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1963, Misc. Garnette Sutherland, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Eighth Judicial
District, denied.
No. 1964, Misc. George McCreary, petitioner, v. Maurice Sigler,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1966, Misc. Dale George Henderson, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1970, Misc. Clarence Hill, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied.
No. 2077, Misc. A. Clairborne Leigh, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 395, Misc. Anthony Lloyd Chrisman, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, denied. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
White are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 550, Misc. Ralph Cooper Jamison, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
446
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
White are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1037, Misc. Edward F. Mahoney, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La-
Vallee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice White are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1097, Misc. Robert Harris, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District,
denied. Mr. Justice White is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 1104, Misc. George R. Jacques, petitioner v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted. Mr. Justice Harlan dissents for the reasons stated in his
separate opinion in North Carolina v. Pearce, 395 U.S. -
this date).
(decided
No. 1440, Misc. Stanley Nick Gonsior, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District, denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Marshall are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1824, Misc. Jerome Byrnes, petitioner, v. United States, Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1868, Misc. Mae Frances Neal et al., petitioners, v. Saga Ship-
ping Co., S. A., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 1941, Misc. Joseph Linwood Richards, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Brennan and Mr. Justice Stewart are of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 1945, Misc. Joe Ramirez Hernandez, petitioner, v. Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Marshall are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1888, Misc. Charles L. Everett, petitioner, v. Warden, United
States Penitentiary. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Mr. Justice Marshall took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
REHEARINGS DENIED
447
No. 297. Immigration and Naturalization Service, petitioner, v.
Veljko Stanisic;
No. 1113. The Telephone Users Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
The Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia et al.;
No. 1191. Steverson Tillie Morgan, petitioner, v. J. L. Nelson
et al.;
No. 1235. Reese Hubbard et al., petitioners, v. Donna M. Kiefel;
No. 1257. Helen Lopo etc., appellant, v. Saks Fifth Avenue;
No. 1769, Misc. Mayo M. Goff, petitioner, v. Veterans Adminis-
tration;
No. 1795, Misc. Samuel Bernstein, petitioner, v. Martin P. Cath-
erwood, as Industrial Commissioner of New York; and
No. 1930, Misc. Richard Emmett Smiley, petitioner, v. California
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1670, Misc. Bradley T. Moye, petitioner, v. Sioux City & New
Orleans Barge Lines, Inc. Motion of American Trial Lawyers As-
sociation, Admiralty Section, for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae,
denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"We are honored today to have the presence of the President of the
United States as a Member of this Bar.
"Mr. President, may I recognize you at this time."
President Nixon said:
"Mr. Chief Justice, may it please the Court:
"I am honored to appear today, not as President of the United
States but as a Member of the Bar admitted to practice before this
Court.
"At this historic moment I am reminded of the fact that while this
is the last matter that will be heard by the Chief Justice of the United
States, the first matter to be heard by this Court when he became Chief
Justice was the occasion when, as Vice President of the United States
on October 5, 1953, I moved the admission of Warren Olney, III, and
Judge Stanley Barnes to be members of this Court.
"I have also had another experience at this Court. In 1966, as a
Member of the Bar, I appeared on two occasions before the Supreme
Court of the United States. Looking back on those two occasions, I
can say, Mr. Chief Justice, that there is only one ordeal which is more
challenging than a Presidential press conference and that is to appear
before the Supreme Court of the United States.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
448
"On this occasion, it is my privilege to represent the Bar in speaking
of the work of the Chief Justice and in extending the best wishes of
the Bar and the Nation to him for the time ahead.
"In speaking of that work, I naturally think somewhat in personal
terms of the fact that not only is the Chief Justice concluding almost
16 years in his present position, but that today he concludes 52 years
of public service to local, State and National Government:
"As District Attorney in Alameda County, as Attorney General of
the State of California, as Governor of the State of California, the
only three-term Governor in the history of that State.
"The Nation is grateful for that service.
"I am also reminded of the fact that the Chief Justice has estab-
lished a record here in this Court which will be characterized in many
ways.
In view of the historical allusion that was made in the opinions
just read, may I be permitted an historical allusion?
"Will Rogers, in commenting upon one of the predecessors of the
Chief Justice. Chief Justice William Howard Taft, said that "It is
great to be great. It is greater to be human."
"I think that comment could well apply to the Chief Justice as we
look at his 52 years of service. One who has held high office in this
Nation, but one who, in holding that office, always had the humanity
which was all-encompassing, the dedication to his family, his personal
family, to the great American family, to the family of man.
"The Nation is grateful for that example of humanity which the
Chief Justice has given to us and to the world.
"But as we consider this moment, we also think of the transition
which will shortly take place. We think of what it means to America,
what it means to our institutions.
"Sixteen years have passed since the Chief Justice assumed his
present position. These 16 years, without doubt, will be described by
historians as years of greater change in America than any in our
history.
"And that brings us to think of the mystery of Government in this
country, and for that matter in the world, the secret of how Govern-
ment can survive for free men. And we think of the terms "change"
and "continuity." Change without continuity can be anarchy. Change
with continuity can mean progress. And continuity without change can
mean no progress.
"As we look over the history of this Nation, we find that what has
brought us where we are has been continuity with change. No institu-
tion of the three great institutions of our Government has been more
responsible for that continuity with change than the Supreme Court
of the United States.
"Over the last 16 years there have been great debates in this coun-
try. There have been some disagreements even within this Court. But

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
449
standing above those debates has been the symbol of the Court as rep-
resented by the Chief Justice of the United States: fairness, integrity,
dignity. These great and simple attributes are, without question, more
important than all of the controversy and the necessary debate that
goes on when there is change, change within the continuity which is so
important for the progress which we have just described.
"To the Chief Justice of the United States, all of us are grateful
today that his example, the example of dignity, the example of integ-
rity, the example of fairness, as the chief law official of this country,
has helped to keep America on the path of continuity and change,
which is so essential for our progress.
"When the historians write of this period and the period that fol-
lows, some with a superficial view will describe the last sixteen years
as the 'Warren Court' and will describe the Court that follows it as
the 'Burger Court.'
"I believe, however, that every Member of this Court would agree
with me when I say that because of the example of the Chief Justice, a
selfless example, a nonselfish example, that this period will be
described, not only his but that of his successor, not as the Warren
Court, not as the Burger Court, not in personal terms, but in this hal-
lowed moment in this great Chamber, the Supreme Court. It was
always that way; may it always be that way. And to the extent that
it is, this Nation owes a debt of gratitude to the Chief Justice of the
United States for his example."
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. President, your words are most generous and are greatly appre-
ciated, I assure you. I accept your personal, kind words, but in doing
so I must confess that I sense in your presence here and in the words
you have spoken your great appreciation of the value of this Court
in the life of our Nation and the fact that it is one of the three co-
ordinate Branches of the Government and that it is a continuing body.
"I might point out to you, because you might not have looked into
the matter, that it is a continuing body to the extent that if any
American at any time in the history of the Court-180 years-had
come to this Court he would have found one of seven men on the Court,
the last of whom, of course, is our Senior Justice, Mr. Justice Black.
Because at any time an American might come here he would find one
of seven men on the Bench in itself shows how continuing this body
is and how it is that the Court develops consistently the eternal
principles of our Constitution in solving the problems of the day.
"We, of course, venerate the past, but our focus is on the problems
of the day and of the future as far as we can foresee it.
"I cannot escape the feeling that in one sense, at least, this Court
is similar to your own great office and that is that so many times it
speaks the last word in great governmental affairs. The responsibility

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
450
of speaking the last word for not only 200 million people, but for those
to follow us is a very awesome responsibility.
"It is a responsibility that is made more difficult in this Court be-
cause we have no constituency. We serve no majority. We serve no
minority. We serve only the public interest as we see it, guided only
by the Constitution and our own consciences. And conscience some-
times is a very severe taskmaster.
"But the Court through all the years has pursued a more or less
steady course, and in my opinion has progressed and has applied the
principles set forth in those 5000 general words of the Constitution
in a manner that is consistent with the public interest and consistent
with our future so far as it can be discerned.
"We do not always agree. I hope the Court will never agree on all
things. If it ever agrees on all things, I am sure that its virility will have
been sapped because it is composed of nine independent men who have
no one to be responsible to except their own consciences.
"It is not likely ever, with human nature as it is, for nine men to
agree always on the most important and controversial things of life.
If it ever comes to such a pass, I would say that the Court will have lost
its strength and will no longer be a real force in the affairs of our
country. But so long as it is manned by men like those who have pre-
ceded us and by others like those who sit today, I have no fear of that
ever happening.
"I am happy today to leave the service of my country with a feeling
of deep friendship for all these men whom I have served with for 16
years, in spite of the fact that we have disagreed on many occasions.
In the last analysis, the fact we have often disagreed is not of great
importance. The important thing is that every man will have given his
best thought and consideration to the great problems that have con-
fronted us.
"So I leave in a happy vein, Mr. President, and I wish my successor
all the happiness and success in his years on the Court, which I hope
will be many. You having issued a commission to him, it becomes my
very happy duty and pleasure to administer the oath to him.
"But before doing so, I want to say:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term.
"The Clerk will now read the Commission of the Chief Justice
designate."

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"Richard Nixon,
"President of the United States of America,
"To All Who shall See These Presents, Greeting:
451
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Warren E. Burger of Virginia,
I have nominated and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, do appoint him Chief Justice of the United States, and do
authorize and empower him to execute and fulfill the duties of that
Office according to the Constitution and Laws of the said United
States, and to have and to hold the said office, with all the powers,
privileges and emoluments to the same of right appertaining, unto
Him, the said Warren E. Burger, during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington, this twenty-third day
of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred
and sixty-nine, and of the Independence of the United
States of America the one hundred and ninety-third.
"RICHARD NIXON.
"By the President:
"John N. Mitchell,
[SEAL] "Attorney General."
Judge Burger was then escorted by the Marshal to the center of the
bench where the oath of office was then administered by the Chief
Justice in the following words:
"I, Warren Earl Burger, do solemnly swear that I will administer
justice without respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and
to the rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and
perform all the duties incumbent upon me as Chief Justice of the
United States, according to the best of my abilities and understand-
ing, agreeably to the Constitution and laws of the United States; and
that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without
any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
452
and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about
to enter.
"So help me God.
"Warren E. Burger.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this twenty-third day of June,
1969.
The Chief Justice said:
"Earl Warren,
"Chief Justice."
"I present the new Chief Justice of the United States."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
It was ordered by the Court that the accompanying correspondence
between members of the Court and Mr. Chief Justice Warren upon
his retirement as Chief Justice of the United States be this day spread
upon the minutes and that it also be printed in the reports of the
Court.
Hon. EARL WARREN,
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
WASHINGTON, D.C., June 23, 1969.
Chief Justice of the United States,
| Washington, D.C.
DEAR CHIEF, Your retirement today from our Court brings us
mingled feelings-regret that you are leaving and gratitude that you
have served the Court and the Nation with such eminent distinction.
We, your brethren, cannot let you leave without expressing our ad-
miration and affection for you. Through our years of service together
we have been constantly impressed by your patriotism and your un-
swerving devotion to liberty and justice. For us it is a source of
pride that we have had the opportunity to be members of the Court
over which you have presided during one of the most important and
eventful eras of our Nation.
We are happy that you leave the Court in good health and wish you
many more years of health and happiness in your well-earned re-
tirement.
Sincerely,
HUGO L. BLACK
JOHN M. HARLAN
BYRON R. WHITE
W. O. DOUGLAS
WM. J. BRENNAN, Jr.
POTTER STEWART
THURGOOD MARSHALL

DEAR BRETHREN:
MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1969
453
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
WASHINGTON, D.C., June 23, 1969.
Your letter of today concerning my retirement was heartwarming
for me.
To have been able to serve with you through these many eventful
years is one of the great satisfactions of my life, and to retire with the
friendship of all of you fills my cup to overflowing.
I shall always be interested in you and your work, and I trust that
each of you will, for many years, enjoy continued good health and
happiness.
Sincerely,
Mr. Justice Black
Mr. Justice Douglas
Mr. Justice Harlan
Mr. Justice Brennan
Mr. Justice Stewart
Mr. Justice White
Mr. Justice Marshall
EARL WARREN.